\# Agungi Area Guide

Agungi is a residential area located between the Jakande and the Igbo\-efon axes. Agungi is a developed hub located along the Lekki\-Epe expressway in Lagos' Eti\-Osa Local Government Area. It is a central neighbourhood on the island, and it's only around 25 minutes away from Victoria Island during the rush hours and approximately 15 minutes away on a normal day. The bulk of the neighbourhood streets have armed security guards stationed at their entrances, making it a secure place to live. The majority of the residents in this residential area are middle\-class and upper\-class people who enjoy peace and quiet. Agungi has many markets, churches, schools, malls, and plazas, despite only being a tiny residential area. In this guide, you will find out about: Some of the first people to live in Ajiran land were the Agungi, Ikota, Lafiaji, Iberekodo, Idado, Baruwa, Okun\-Afa, Igbo\-Efon, Araromi, Olugborogan, and Osapa. A brave hunter by the name of Mogisho established the present\-day Ajiran Land, which is located in the center of Eti Osa. According to oral history passed down from previous generations, Mogisho and Olofin Ogunfunminire both moved to Isheri after leaving Ile\-Ife. Olofin, for his part, established a residence for himself somewhere in modern\-day Iddo. After each hunting trip, Mogisho and his two boys withdrew to a location close to the lagoon, from which they crossed over to Iberekodo and consumed their catch. Later, this location was referred to as Aj'iran (a place for eating meat). The Prince Ebeano supermarket's Agungi branch is a one\-stop neighborhood store that serves the daily requirements of a diverse population. The retailer has branches not just in Nigeria but also in Canada. Original and high\-quality goods are offered. Prices are reasonable, and the checkout process is really quick. Every Saturday, discounted perishable food items are sold at their village market. Shepherds Place is a mall where you can get almost anything because it has a lot of shops that sell various things as wholesalers and retailers. The plaza has supermarkets, a bakery, and a pharmacy. In a nutshell, it's a one\-stop shopping mall where you can finish all of your shopping at once.
Scapular Plaza also has a number of businesses. The Plaza is conveniently located near the Agungi bus stop. At Scapular Plaza, there is a regular eye clinic called Phoenix, as well as beauty salons, furniture stores, travel agencies, boutiques, inverter installers, and other businesses. Armed security guards patrol the plaza and assist visitors in the parking lot.
Mustapha Plaza has a lot of salons and a few other businesses. It is located in a serene and secure environment but has limited parking space. The Jakande market and Cycle Mall are also accessible by foot from the Agungi bus stop. At Jakande Market, you can get almost anything you want at a lower price than at most other markets. For convenience, you can go shopping at the Cycle Mall. You will find Shoprite, Essenza, the Food Court Restaurant, and KFC at Cycle Mall. There is also an outlet where you can get your gadgets, such as phones and laptops. Friends Colony Estate is more than just beautiful houses; it is a home. It is a fully serviced estate with good roads and drainage, guaranteed electricity 24 hours a day, a gym, a swimming pool, beautiful landscaping, and many other things. The estate is extremely secure and has an excellent drainage system. Agungi also has Alperton Estate, which is highly sought\-after and serviced. The estate has 24\-hour security and power, a good road network, an estate canteen, and good drainage. Bakare Estate is a lovely estate located in the heart of Agungi. It is also a serviced estate, but the fee varies. The estates contain both duplexes and apartment blocks. Bakare Estate is notable for its cleanliness and orderliness. The estate also has a good road network, an excellent drainage system, a good power supply, and road access. Domino's Pizza and Cold Stone Creamery Agungi is a fantastic location to explore. It's situated in a welcoming environment. You won't have to worry about parking because of the size of the lot. You can get pizza and other delicacies for you and your family here. They also have skilled security specialists who guard the environment to make sure it is secured. Additionally, they have a team that values customers and cares about your order. At the "Lunch Buffet," you can never go wrong with a meal. The Lunch Buffet at Agungi has developed a reputation as the place to go when you're in the mood for a scrumptious meal. They are renowned for their skill in providing first\-rate customer service, a warm and orderly environment, and, above all, the best food around. They serve a wide range of delectable dishes such as rice, spaghetti, soup, and much more. Memories Kitchen is a great place to go in Agungi if you want to relax and recharge without spending a lot of money. The area around the restaurant is very orderly and peaceful. For soups like Egusi, Banga, Ogbono, Edikan Ikon, Afang, and a lot more, the neighborhood restaurant is your best bet. They also sell amala, jollof rice, noodles, and a lot more. Owens Lounge is an upscale lounge and nightclub. It's a terrific place to start your night out and meet people in a laid\-back atmosphere to spend a few hours over a drink at Owen Lounge. The lounge is in a peaceful setting and offers a lovely vibe. Although Owens Lounge doesn't serve inexpensive drinks, you'll still receive a lot of value for your money. Most people choose to club with them because of their excellent security system. Among the biggest clubs in Lekki is Titanium Nightclub. It has a bar, a nightclub, and a restaurant. The club offers a sizable dance floor as well as an outdoor swimming pool. Parking spaces are more than enough, and security is strict. A fantastic choice while seeking clubs to attend in Agungi is Titanium nightclub. The Wind Lounge is another fantastic location to explore at night. With a refreshing drink and hip music, it's a location where you can taste what it's like to live a wonderful life. That cool place called Wind Lounge is where you may get your weekly dosage of wind in your hair and carefree living. It is a popular night crawling destination. One of the main benefits of going to Wind Lounge is the view of the ocean. Wind Lounge wins the award for the finest view because of its mesmerizing rooftop vista. The Wind Lounge never has a boring moment because of its regular music and karaoke nights. One of Reed School's biggest assets is its dedication to treating every student as an individual. Each student's interests and skills can grow at the school because of the way they teach. They have a motivated teaching staff and a dedicated team who work together to make sure the curriculum is complete, exciting, and up\-to\-date. They have excellent caregivers who help kids achieve academic success. The school works with parents to develop their child's self\-confidence and provide them with the tools they need to reach their full potential both now and in the future. A goal to help every child count and be guided is what gave birth to Mapland International School. The school curriculum is built around the Nigerian/British National Curriculum. Mapland provides a full Montessori learning experience for pre\-schoolers in prep and nursery. Additionally, the school has the essential facilities required to improve education. On October 28, 1996, Ajiran Community Primary School was established. Oba Akinloye, the Ojomu of Ajiran Land, donated a private block with four rooms for the school to use as it began operations. The school was made so that every student would have the chance to reach their full social, emotional, intellectual, and physical potential through a rigorous and forward\-thinking child\-centered educational program in a safe and healthy learning environment.