\# Alimosho Area Guide

Alimosho is a Local Government Area in Lagos State that is close to the Ikeja district. Egbeda, Ejigbo, Akowonjo, and Iyana Ipaja are some of the most popular destinations in the LGA. After the war, Alimosho was established as part of the (then) Western region. The Egbados constitute the majority of the community's population. It has a thriving cultural scene, with annual festivals such as the Oro, Igunnu, and Egungun being particularly notable. Islam and Christianity are the two most important religions in the world. Yoruba is a language that is widely spoken. Alimosho is surrounded by the neighbourhoods of Ikeja, Oshodi, and Agege. In this guide, you will find out about: Have you ever wondered which local government in Lagos has the largest population in terms of the number of people? Alimosho is the answer. According to the 2006 census, the city has a population of more than one million people living there. As a result, it has been divided into six different LCDAs in order to increase administrative efficiency and effectiveness. Agbado/Okeodo, Ayobo/Ipaja, Egbe/Idimu, Mosan Okunola, Ikotun/Igando, and Egbeda/Akowonjo are some of the LCDAs that have been identified. Alimosho is located at the northernmost end of Lagos, and as a result, it connects Lagos State with Ogun State. Some areas of Alimosho are on the border of Lagos State and are in close proximity to Ogun State's Ota, Lafenwa, and Agbado communities, among other places. Through Alimosho, the popular Lagos\-Abeokuta Expressway connects Ogun State to Lagos State, passing through Alimosho. A direct route from Ota to Iyana Ipaja, and then on to Ikeja and Oshodi, is provided by this project. It is also worth noting that a portion of Alimosho is located directly behind the Lagos International Airport, in Ikeja. From these vantage points, you will be able to see planes take off and land on a regular basis. Because of its close proximity to Ikeja, many people who work in Ikeja prefer to live in this area. If you are house hunting in Lagos State and looking for reasonably priced lodging, Alimosho is a great place to start your research. It is one of the most affordable places to live in Lagos, and as a result, many Lagosians continue to flock here to make their homes. Some estimates say that this could have played a role in the high population of Alimosho. Alimosho is comprised of communities such as Akowonjo, Ipaja, Igando, Ikotun Ijegun, Idimu, and their surrounding areas. It is simply impossible to visit Alimosho and not find places to shop. It is just not possible at this point. Shopping opportunities for residents are plentiful, with a sufficient number of establishments to make for pleasurable shopping excursions. Additionally, there are popular markets to cater to those who prefer to shop in an open\-air environment. Getting your groceries and household items at Blenco Supermarket in Akowonjo will be a breeze! There is plenty of parking available, and the staff is courteous. After you have finished shopping, you can grab a shawarma from the stand in front of the supermarket. Prepplus Hub is yet another pleasant supermarket to visit. Although it is smaller than Blenco, it is adequate for grocery shopping. Additionally, you can purchase fresh bread, a variety of cookies, and chilled ice cream in addition to household supplies. In addition to the supermarket, there is a shawarma stand in front of it. The LG and Thermocool electronic stores can be found on Akowonjo Road in Osaka. In the LG store, you can purchase televisions, sound systems, DVD players, and other electronic devices, whereas in the Thermocool store, you can purchase refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines, and other appliances. While SLOT and 3C HUB cater to your mobile needs, Style House is your one\-stop shop for all things fashion. Ikotun market, Iyana Ipaja market, Egbeda market, Igando multi\-purpose market, and Akesan market are some of the markets in Lagos. Many of Alimosho's upper middle class residents prefer to live in one of the numerous estates that dot the landscape of the neighbourhood. If you are concerned about privacy and security, you can choose from any of the options available. The Kings Court Estate is regarded as a wonderful place to raise a family by many. The estate is equipped with a basketball court, a children's playground, reliable electricity, and a central sewage and water distribution system. It is situated in a very peaceful and clean environment. It most definitely provides good value for money. Gowon Estate is yet another safe neighbourhood in which to raise a family. It provides basic amenities at a reasonable price, making it an affordable option for people from the middle class. Despite the fact that it is not a gated community like Kings Court, security is not compromised. As a result of the presence of a Naval Unit on the estate, this has occurred. According to historical records, Gowon Estate was originally constructed to house the Nigerian legislatures in the 1980s. It was then sold to members of the general public who were middle\-income earners who either lived in it or rented it out to others. The houses are not all the same. Some are single\-family homes, while others are duplexes or bungalows. There are schools, churches, malls, and a plethora of event centres and bars to choose from. This estate is ideal for those who want to live in a gated community without being cut off from the hustle and bustle of Lagos life. Santos Estate, Coker Estate, and Unity Estate are some of the other popular estates in Alimosho. Many different places to relax and have a good time can be found in Alimosho, including the following: On Akowonjo Road alone, there are a plethora of restaurants that are all facing each other, making it difficult to decide which one will satisfy your cravings. If you are in the mood for chicken, there is KFC and Chicken Republic to satisfy your craving. If you are craving pizza, pick up a box from Domino's and top it off with a cup of ice cream from Cold Stone Creamery to satisfy your craving. Divas Cakes and Confections is a bakery that sells delicious cakes and baked goods in a variety of flavours and sizes.Sweet Sensation, The Place, Tastee, and other similar establishments are also recommended. Radius Jafojo Park is one of the many parks built by the Lagos State Parks and Gardens Agency, which also includes other parks in the city (LASPARK). The park provides the necessary therapy to relieve stress while also making a positive contribution to the fight against climate change and its associated consequences. Bring your family and friends along for a picnic, or go on a solo excursion to get some fresh air and perspective. Drinks and refreshments are available for purchase throughout the park. For those who need to get some work done, a mini\-zoo and a children's park are also available. There is also a coworking space available. Children can also relax and have fun at Santos Recreational Field, which is located nearby. Alimosho's Filmworld Cinemas is a fantastic venue for seeing the latest blockbuster releases. Aside from private screenings, school excursions, and movie premier events, it is conveniently located in KAF Mall. Visitors seeking spa services should consider Clems Makeup and Spa, Mari Skincare and Spa, or the Sparkledot Spa. Looking for a place to relax and unwind after a long day at work? Then you can rely on Alimosho to provide you with a variety of options to fill your stomach, fill your ears, and soothe your nerves. The Democratic Party is one of the most popular places to hang out in the city. It is quiet during the day and bustling at night, and it provides residents with live performances by a variety of guest entertainers. While having a good time, you can always get some barbecue and some reasonably priced drinks. The Leosub lounge is yet another popular spot to unwind after a long day at work. They have a wide selection of drinks and finger foods available at reasonable prices. The VIP bar is cool and inviting, and it exudes a proper nightclub atmosphere. You can make your drinks more exciting by adding assorted beef, pepper soup, or noodles. The DJ specialises in playing reggae, highlife, rap, and afrobeat music, among other genres of music. On Saturday nights, they host karaoke parties, which are always a good time. Club Inferno is also a great choice for people who like to walk around at night. It provides a high\-end clubbing experience that is also visually appealing. It also has a large amount of parking space for its customers. There are several other places to enjoy Alimosho nightlife, including the Zanzibar Garden \& Nite Club, the Ace Lounge, the Rumours Club, the Smart Lounge, the Queenliquor Lounge, and the High Energy Lounge. With the large population that Alimosho has, it would be ridiculous if there aren't sufficient schools to train the kids.The schools are abundant in both quantity and, most importantly, quality. Cambridge Associate School Legacy Schools is a high\-quality educational institution that provides high\-quality education at the secondary, preparatory, and crèche levels. It has been approved by the government and offers a perfect blend of British and Nigerian curriculum. The school's mission is to provide excellent education based on British academic discipline, American amenities, and a respect for our African cultural heritage while adhering to British academic discipline and American amenities. This is a welcoming environment, and the employees are enthusiastic about their work. Chrisland College, one of the most prestigious schools in Lagos, has a branch in Alimosho that serves the local community. A full\-boarding co\-educational college on 50 acres of land, this branch is located in Idimu and serves students from all over the world. The school provides a high\-quality education while also encouraging extracurricular activities through the use of a Mini\-stadium, a gymnasium, and numerous sports fields. There is a well\-stocked library on site, and the hostels are kept in excellent condition. The Honeyland Group of Schools is well\-known for its music academy, which attracts many students. There is plenty of space and adequate learning facilities at this school, which is conveniently located. They provide excellent programmes in language acquisition, science, mathematics, and the acquisition of vocational skills. They also have programmes in the arts, sports, and music, among other things. Some of the other schools in Alimosho include Citytop school, Pentaville schools and Woodland schools, Silverdale high school, Alpha Rehoboth College, Pacific Comprehensive College, and Doregos Private Academy, among others. Furthermore, government schools such as Command Secondary School, Millennium Secondary School, and Airforce Schools are located in Alimosho as well.