\# Amuwo Odofin Area Guide

Amuwo Odofin is a local government area in the Badagry division, Lagos state. It is divided into two Local Council Development Areas; Oriade and Amuwo LCDAs. There are 14 wards with 64 communities, 12 of which are urban, 8 semi\-urban, and 47 rural areas. The 3 geopolitical zones of the local government are the Riverine, Middle Belt, and Upper Belt. The riverine area includes towns and villages such as Tomaro, Sakey, and Ilado, while the middle belt begins at the Apapa Local Government boundary and extends through the Tincan coconut area and Beach\-land estate. The upper belt includes Amuwo Odofin estate, Raji Rasaki estate, Festac town, and the Trade Fair complex, among others. In this guide, you will find out about: Would you have guessed that a boat could take you from Amuwo\-Odofin to another country? Yes, indeed. You also do not need a passport. Amuwo\-Odofin is close to the Nigeria\-Benin Republic border, and with a valid ID card, you can take a 2\-3\-hour boat ride to Porto\-Novo from the Mile 2 Ferry Terminal. If you are interested in exploring Nigeria instead, you will also find numerous transport lines at the Maza Maza bus stop to take you anywhere within the country. Due to the close proximity of Amuwo\-Odofin to the border, international trade has taken root in the area, with people of various ethnicities engaging in various trading activities. It is a major commercial centre in Lagos State, and tonnes of goods are transported through its seaports on a daily basis. If you want to buy cheap imported items at wholesale prices, this is the place to go. The Indigines of Amuwo Odofin are hardworking, hospitable, and primarily engage in foreign trade owing to their proximity to borders. Other notable inhabitants in the neighbourhood include retired public workers and industrialists who have taken advantage of the peaceful environment. Would you have guessed that a boat could take you from Amuwo\-Odofin to another country? Yes, indeed. You also do not need a passport. Amuwo\-Odofin is close to the Nigeria\-Benin Republic border, and with a valid ID card, you can take a 2\-3\-hour boat ride to Porto\-Novo from the Mile 2 Ferry Terminal. If you are interested in exploring Nigeria instead, you will also find numerous transport lines at the Maza Maza bus stop to take you anywhere within the country. Due to the close proximity of Amuwo\-Odofin to the border, international trade has taken root in the area, with people of various ethnicities engaging in various trading activities. It is a major commercial centre in Lagos State, and tonnes of goods are transported through its seaports on a daily basis. If you want to buy cheap imported items at wholesale prices, this is the place to go. The Indigines of Amuwo Odofin are hardworking, hospitable, and primarily engage in foreign trade owing to their proximity to borders. Other notable inhabitants in the neighbourhood include retired public workers and industrialists who have taken advantage of the peaceful environment. Festac Town is a very popular federal housing estate in Amuwo\-Odofin. Its name is derived from the acronym FESTAC, which stands for the Second World African Festival of Arts and Culture, which was held there in 1977\. The town, which includes 5,000 modern dwelling units and 7 major avenues, was designed in an efficient grid to accommodate up to 45,000 visitors as well as any Nigerian employees and officers working at the festival. Festac has grown into a big town with schools, shopping complexes, banks, eateries, and hangout spots. Cooperation Estate is a delightful and lovely estate for anyone seeking comfort, serenity, security, and executive homes. The road network here is smooth because there are no potholes and there is a sufficient drainage system. The estate is located in the heart of the city and has two main entrances. One gate accesses the Festac link road along mile 2, while the other gate accesses the popular mall, Shoprite, and the prestigious Golden Tulip hotel. Durbar Estate is a beautiful and peaceful neighbourhood ideal for raising a family. It has architectural masterpieces that are reasonably priced, a fairly consistent power supply, and adequate security. Lakeview Estate Phase 2 is relatively peaceful, livable, and has good road access. It has a good security system as well as essential infrastructure such as mini marts for household items, salons, pharmacies, and schools. Amuwo Odofin's Unity Estate is a gated and well\-planned community with beautiful modernised buildings with distinct numbers and streets with clear markers for easy navigation. It also has security personnel on duty 24 hours a day, seven days a week. If you think you can only enjoy a beach hangout in Lekki and environs, then think again. Unlike residents of other parts of the mainland, Amuwo\-Odofin residents enjoy the availability of beaches and beach houses. The beaches in this area are even considered more luxurious and private. Ilashe Beach is one of the luxurious private beaches in Lagos. It is suitable for group trips, retreats, picnics, and parties and is a perfect getaway location. There are various beach houses on the beach to accommodate visitors according to their pockets. Ibeshe Beach is another beautiful privately owned beach with modern leisure facilities to accommodate fun\-seekers. Tourists come to enjoy a serene environment, play water sports, admire the magnificent scenery, and watch the tropical sunsets. Boat beaches can only be accessed by boats. The kids are not left out of the fun in Amuwo\-odofin. Frankids Amusement Park is a mini\-kids' fun park with car rides, train rides, boat rides, merry\-go\-rounds, ferris wheels, etc. Playzone at Festival Mall offers indoor game arcades, virtual reality, and other forms of family entertainment. A perfect location for a children's excursion is Deo Science Discovery World. It is the first science museum in Lagos and it contains a good collection of educational science exhibits. On the premises, there is a science museum, a planetarium, a science store, and an urban garden. For art lovers, visit Gozie Arts Gallery to get inspired by the lovely artworks on display. Movie fans will be impressed by Genesis Cinemas. It is a well\-designed cinema that offers a premium cinematic experience with impressive facilities such as a decorated lounge, clear screens, audible sounds, working air conditioning, and adjustable chairs. Of course, watching a movie is never complete without popcorn and drinks, which are also readily available here. If you are looking to dine in the area, Native Foods Limited is a lovely spot that not only caters to your taste buds with delicious native delicacies, but also pleases your eyes with its beautiful aesthetic. Lovers of Chinese food will be happy to visit the Cantonese Chinese Food Court. The ambience is great, the service is excellent, and the food is tasty. Darius Living Limited is a good outdoor lounge with plenty of space and a pleasant ambiance. They have an indoor area where you can watch sports while eating and drinking, as well as an outdoor area. They also offer an impressive selection of smoothies, cocktails, and mocktails at reasonable prices. Every Thursday, they host karaoke, which makes this venue even more appealing to music fans. Other amenities, such as coordinated parking and intentional security, add to the overall quality of your experience here. Another excellent option for a solo or group outing is Dynasty Sports Bar \& Lounge. It has a killer interior design and an ambiance that puts you in high spirits, as well as excellent customer service. Dynasty Lounge not only offers a pleasurable experience, but also ensures the safety of all customers by taking the necessary safety precautions. With a decked lounge and outdoor seating, Zizi's Sports Bar \& Lounge is a cosy spot for outdoor activities. They serve a variety of grilled foods and drinks at reasonable prices, as well as a live DJ and comedians on occasion, which adds to the lively atmosphere. They also have a big screen where you can watch football matches. S\-TEE, founded in September 1987, is a human capital development educational institute. Since its inception, the school has made a strong commitment to providing students with strong moral, cultural, academic, spiritual, and life training. With qualified teachers and state\-of\-the\-art equipment, the school is certain to provide your children with the best academic experience possible. S\-TEE currently serves nursery, primary, junior and secondary high school, GCSE, and Cambridge A Level students. Beacon Light Schools, established in 2010, are a co\-educational day school. It consists of a creche, a nursery, a primary and a secondary school. Beacon Light The school's academic programmes are developed and reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that they always include rich learning experiences that the children benefit from in a challenging and ever\-changing world. They also have a conducive environment to help them learn. Loral International School is a co\-educational school that follows a Nigerian/British curriculum aimed at raising children who are equipped with creative, innovative skills and kept up to date with global trends in order to become problem solvers who will be relevant to their immediate environment and the world at large in the future.