\# Awoyaya Area Guide

Awoyaya is both a residential and commercial neighborhood under the Ibeju Lekki Local Government Area. The neighborhood is rapidly developing, and the area's development is not dependent on the success or failure of any large initiative. Smaller business districts, such as the Yomade shopping complex and the Mayfair Gardens shopping complex, are already sprouting up in the neighborhood. Residents in this neighborhood often have middle\-to\-high incomes. The neighborhood is close to Abijo, Lakowe, and Sangotedo. The area is also very close to the projected Lekki Airport location and reasonably close to the Free Trade Zone. Despite being a developing region, Awoyaya has standard hospitals, schools, churches of all denominations, hotels, and shopping complexes. In this guide, you will find out about: One of the most interesting facts about Awoyaya is that the area was once a water\-filled area. The soil along the coast is sandy, with some mud in a few spots, and the entire area was swampy, but now, thanks to development, Awoyaya has a lot of lands that are greatly appreciated and also houses exotic estates and businesses. It is also worth noting that the original inhabitants of Awoyaya are Ijebu\-speaking people who moved there many years ago. The area is currently inhabited by people from various walks of life who speak a variety of languages, ranging from English to Yoruba, Hausa, and many others. Mayfair Gardens Estate is a high\-class, fully\-serviced estate along the expressway with a prominent entrance gate and limited access. The estate has nice roads, strict security, a 24\-hour water supply, public parks, a relaxation area, a clubhouse, and a grocery store. Meridian Park Estate is thought to be one of the nicest estates in the Ibeju\-Lekki area. It's a large estate and a nice location to live. It's really quiet, and their electricity is reliable. It's also reasonably priced and has solid security systems. The Milton Estate in Awoyaya is a smart and opulently protected estate. The estate has a lakefront, electricity that works all the time, a park for recreation, security cameras, solar street lamps, gyms, and cafes, among other things. De Castle Estate is a beautiful, quiet estate that gives its residents a homey feeling while still giving them the best security possible. The estate has a good road network, tight security, a power supply, a swimming pool, a playground for children, street lights, and an organized drainage system. You can unwind at Domino's Pizza, the premier pizza restaurant. They also sell ice cream and a range of cuisines. They are well\-known for their delicious pizza and dinners. You can always get frozen ice cream at Cold Stone Creamery. It's an excellent area to stop for a break or to refuel. When in Awoyaya, the Sapphire Grill is a beautiful spot to visit. Excellent customer service, a pristine setting, a large parking lot, a bar, a restaurant, and even a hall are all present. It's such a great place to be, with a lovely atmosphere and inexpensive, delicious cuisine. They serve a wide range of delicious foods, such as unripe plantains, yamarita, grilled catfish, and chips. It's a great area to spend time with loved ones and friends. Ace Delights Eatery is a pleasant spot to spend time with loved ones. They sell a wide choice of home\-cooked meals, including swallow, local soups and vegetables, numerous meats, snacks, and drinks. Their cuisine is equally delicious and reasonably priced, and the seating layouts are comfortable. There is a large parking lot. It's a tranquil setting with superb cuisine and excellent service. They also have lovely conference and party rooms. You can unwind at Domino's Pizza, the premier pizza restaurant. They also sell ice cream and a range of cuisines. They are well\-known for their delicious pizza and dinners. You can always get frozen ice cream at Cold Stone Creamery. It's an excellent area to stop for a break or to refuel. When in Awoyaya, the Sapphire Grill is a beautiful spot to visit. Excellent customer service, a pristine setting, a large parking lot, a bar, a restaurant, and even a hall are all present. It's such a great place to be, with a lovely atmosphere and inexpensive, delicious cuisine. They serve a wide range of delicious foods, such as unripe plantains, yamarita, grilled catfish, and chips. It's a great area to spend time with loved ones and friends. Ace Delights Eatery is a pleasant spot to spend time with loved ones. They sell a wide choice of home\-cooked meals, including swallow, local soups and vegetables, numerous meats, snacks, and drinks. Their cuisine is equally delicious and reasonably priced and seating layouts that are comfortable. There is a large parking lot. It's a tranquil setting with superb cuisine and excellent service. They also have lovely conference and party rooms. D. Mellions Lounge \& Bar is a destination for enjoyment, hospitality, and atmosphere with all\-day access to an exclusive lounge and restaurant. It's a terrific location to unwind at the end of a long day. The mood is wonderful, and the surroundings are quite peaceful. Bar 19 is a famous hangout in Awoyaya. It's that delightful area where you may receive your weekly dosage of fresh air by relaxing on a plate of fresh fish or well\-seasoned meat. They sell inexpensive beverages, and your security is guaranteed. Malotra Business Hubb is a lounge and bar. It's a popular hangout, especially on Friday nights. Basketball is one of the many games and relaxing activities available in the lounge. It's usually a hangout for businessmen and their pals to unwind and recharge. Their drinks are reasonably priced, and their service is excellent. Malotra Business Hubb is a place you should visit if you find yourself in Awoyaya. The Attwool School Awoyaya is a boys' and girls' private school. The school's goal is to uncover and foster students' innate and valuable potential, instil in them love, discipline, and self\-confidence, and teach them the fundamental skills for meeting life's problems. The school's vision is one of skills, ethos, and excellence. Greensprings School is a prestigious British international school in Lagos, Nigeria. Preschool, elementary, secondary, and IB Diploma programs are available at the school. It is also a non\-partisan, independent day and boarding school for boys and girls that places a high focus on character and moral education in addition to academic accomplishment. Guided Treasures Muslim Nursery and Primary School is a co\-educational school that teaches both Islamic and secular subjects. The school has a crèche, a preschool, and an elementary school. Nigerian, Cambridge, and Islamic curricula are used to teach students. The school's objective is to deliver an inexpensive, world\-class education while upholding its core values of peace, diligence, discipline, and transparency.