\# Bode Thomas Area Guide

If you reside in Lagos State and haven't been to or heard of Bode Thomas, you're probably living in a shell. Bode Thomas is a commercial district under the Surulere Local Government Area. The district is a prominent area bounded by Orile and Mile 2\. This neighborhood is home to the majority of businesses, and the residents are mostly business owners and a few salaried workers.
There are numerous warehouses in the region where merchants and women store their goods. The roads are great, and well\-tarred motorable. The presence of street lights across the streets of Bode Thomas makes residents feel comfortable and reduces crime in the neighborhood.
Bode Thomas' properties are pricey because it is a developed neighborhood in Surulere. In this guide, you will find out about: Bode Thomas is a district named after Nigeria's first Minister of Transportation and later Minister of Works, Bode Thomas. He was also a colonial minister of the Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria, as well as a nobleman and privy councilor of Yorubaland's historic Oyo clan. He died unexpectedly on November 23, 1953, at the age of 34, under mysterious circumstances. He was recognized by naming a district after him, Bode Thomas. Another interesting piece of information about Bode Thomas is that the headquarters of Yomi Casual are located in the area. Olorunyomi Omoniyi Makun, a well\-known celebrity, started the high\-end fashion label Yomi Casual. He has a degree in fashion design and apparel technology, and since then, he has a great track record of getting famous people to model his new clothes. Captains of industry, big businesses, socialites, and politicians in Nigeria and across other countries love the extraordinary comfort of Yomi Casual Polish designs. It is important to note that the National Youth Service Corps Secretariat at Surulere is easily accessible through Bode Thomas, and the state of the road at Bode is excellent. The Big Choice store is known for its high\-quality products, which can be found on the streets of Bode Thomas, as well as its inviting environment and reasonable rates. Their product selection is extensive. It's clean and well organized, making it an excellent shopping location. The supermarket offers ample parking space and an excellent security system. Everbright Supermarket is another excellent shopping option. Drinks, provisions, toiletries, frozen foods, gift items, frozen goods, and cakes are all available. Their service is excellent; there is always a welcoming smile waiting for you and someone nearby, ready to serve you quickly. This occurs both inside and outside of the stores. The PEP Store is also present at Bode Thomas. PEP sells clothes, shoes, textiles, home goods, and a wide variety of fast\-moving consumer goods (FMCG) for easy shopping. It is also an excellent spot to shop for your children. Clothing for babies, toddlers, and young children is both inexpensive and attractive. There are other street markets, stores, and shops where inhabitants and tourists to Bode Thomas can purchase anything they require without having to leave the area. Bode Thomas has a variety of constructions ranging from blocks of flats to bungalows, duplexes, and even bedroom apartments. Houses in that region are well\-planned and tastefully constructed. The Eko Club is an ideal spot to visit during the day. It is a perfect place for both registered members and visitors seeking rest, recreation, and exercise. The venue has a number of event halls for special occasions, as well as enough parking for visitors. Furthermore, it is located in the heart of Bode Thomas. There is also a great sports facility with a basketball court, race track, football field, and tennis court. The parking lot is large and can accommodate 200–300 cars. Mr. Biggs is a great spot for beverages, nibbles, and, of course, cuisine. Even though Mr. Biggs is one of the oldest fast\-food restaurants in the area, it still serves high\-quality food. They operate in a clean setting and sell a range of delectable meals. Sweet Sensation is another place to go in Bode Thomas for a delicious lunch and total relaxation. Their menu includes a range of meals such as spaghetti, soups and swallow, and snacks. You can also relax with a refreshing drink while taking in the tranquility of the surroundings. Their meals are reasonably priced and presented in a clean environment. Lounge 38 is the place to go, whether you need to decompress after a long day at work or just want to chill out and have a good time dancing. Lounge 38 is a lounge, restaurant, and nightlife all rolled into one. In the Surulere district, the nightclub section is popular. The restaurant serves a wide variety of cuisines from which to pick. The nightclub provides all varieties of cognac and other alcoholic beverages. They also sell finger snacks to nibble on between beverages. It's a venue where you can see popular performers take the stage and belt out some of their hits. They have a robust security system and ample parking. De Crib nightclub is another option at Bode Thomas. This is a pretty good strip club with professional strippers. Because of the unusual services it provides to customers, it is recognized as a club with a difference. They sell a wide range of wines and spirits. The majority of people say that De Crib nightclub is one of the many reasons why the area is always bustling. In the heart of Bode Thomas, The Cabin is an elegant restaurant and lounge; it is the area's hottest pre\-drinks location. If you don't want to stay out all night, this is the place to hang out. The cabin is a great place to chill out; it has a pleasant atmosphere with relaxed aesthetics, wonderful personnel, and good food. The cabin is highly recommended. The Outliers School is a well\-known Muslim school with a wide range of academic programs, wellness programs for spiritual, behavioral, and emotional health, and meaningful activities outside of school. The school has a Nigerian and British curriculum that includes strong studies of the Quran and Arabic. The goal is to raise kids who are smart and creative in all areas of life. Little Heart Beacon Hill International School is a private school that lets each child be unique instead of the same. It is a Montessori school committed to delivering a comprehensive child development program and care in a welcoming, safe, and conducive environment. K. Kotun Memorial School is a nursery and primary school that was formed in 1963 and is named after the founder's father. Despite their constant and excellent academic achievement, the school challenges students to do more. They have excellent teachers, and the school administration has been really competent with the launch of their new website.