\# Ejigbo Area Guide

Upon hearing Ejigbo, some people may think of the town located in Osun State, but there is in fact a place called Ejigbo in Lagos, and it is a suburb of the city of Lagos, located within the Oshodi\-Isolo Local Government Area. There are six wards in the Ejigbo Local Council Development Area (LCDA). They are Aigbaka, Ailegun, Fadu, Ifoshi, Ilamose, and Oke\-Afa wards. Areas surrounding Ejigbo include Idimu, Ikotun, Isolo, Oshodi, and Ikeja. In this guide, you will find out about: Imagine a selection of over 100,000 historical photos dating back to pre\-colonial Nigeria. This is arguably regarded as the largest collection of historical photographs in Nigeria. All of these, and more, can be found at the CRIMMD Library and Museum in Ejigbo. CRIMMD is an acronym for the Centre for Research, Information Management, and Media Development. The library and museum feature about 156 historical biographies; historical stamps dating back to the era of the first post office in Nigeria; photos of slave trades and their relics; old currency and coins dating to the period before the establishment of the West African Currency Board. The library section hosts great biographies of Nigerians, history books, military books, civil war books, and so much more. Another interesting thing about Ejigbo is that it makes an excellent settlement area for middle\-income earners due to its very inexpensive accommodation choices. Even as Ejigbo is relatively close to buzzling areas like Oshodi and Ikeja, it still offers its residents very affordable housing options. Ejigbo also has a wide variety of hotel chain accommodation with top notch services that make you feel at home if you are visiting for a short time. Some of the well\-known hotels include Grand Park Hotels and Suites, Ojei Golden Gate Hotel and Suites, Oyins Holiday Inn Limited, etc. Whether you’re travelling on a romantic getaway, a business trip or a family vacation, Ejigbo hosts standard hotels that can meet your needs. Justrite Superstore is one of Ejigbo's most popular supermarkets. The supermarket provides groceries, raw food, stationery, toys, electronics, toiletries, and home appliances, among other things. In addition, there is a bakery and a pharmacy. Items are sorted into sections to make shopping easier, and both cash and credit card transactions are accepted. Globus Supermarket is a one\-story structure with various stalls selling a wide range of goods such as foodstuff, cosmetics, baby products, beverages, exotic wines, bags, jewelries, electronics, and even artworks! All for a reasonable price. They have staff on hand to assist you in navigating and finding what you need as quickly as possible. From Thursday to Sunday, rush hour occurs in the evening. Although parking is limited, the shopping experience more than compensates. Grocery Bazaar Ltd is a large and easily accessible supermarket that stocks your everyday basic requirements, some of which are imported at a low cost. They have a bakery where they sell many sorts of bread such as sardine bread, coconut bread, wheat bread, and so on. Outside the store, there is a fruit stand with a variety of fruits and vegetables, making your shopping here wholesome. Other stores or supermarkets to check out are Olaoluwa supermarket, PMB supermarket, Samjoi supermarket, Mobi supermarket and Zion superstore. Union Estate is a peaceful and serene residential neighbourhood with lovely and moderately priced homes. The security is excellent here. During the night, the streets are lit up by streetlights. Ogunrombi Estate is a well\-organised estate with a well\-thought\-out plan. It has good roads, a reasonably consistent power supply, and a welcoming environment for children and families in general. Other estates to consider are Victory Estate and Bucknor Estate. Ejigbo is ideal for history buffs. If you're looking for a museum, you'll be glad to know that Ejigbo is home to the massive CRIMMD Library Museum. With its numerous historical photos, relics, and books, it is an ideal place to take a trip down memory lane. It is open to the public from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sundays. MD Pro Makeovers \& Beauty Spa offers high\-quality makeovers and spa services to those who enjoy pampering their skin. Communication, professionalism, and quality are the words that best describe the experience here. They are dedicated to providing their clients with a full\-body treatment that will leave them feeling light and renewed. Come here for some well\-deserved self\-care. Visit Ejigbo Mini Stadium if you enjoy sports. It is an open field that is used for local sports, particularly football and basketball. You can come as a spectator or participate in the sporting events. The view from here is breathtaking. There are many inexpensive restaurants in Ejigbo to choose from. Westcare Foods is a popular local restaurant that serves a variety of tasty African delicacies as well as some continental meals at a reasonable price. After you've eaten, there's a large canteen where you can relax and enjoy the fresh air. Chicken Republic is a great place to get meals, snacks, ice cream, and delicious roasted chicken! The environment is always kept clean, and there is plenty of parking. BBQ Arena is a cool outdoor grilling spot and a great place to hang out. They have excellent grilled fish and chicken that is perfectly seasoned. Aside from the grilled food, they also serve other delectable dishes. The ambiance here creates a relaxed and easygoing atmosphere, with music playing in the background and a gentle breeze caressing your skin. Looking to party and unwind on a weekend night? Vicchi Lounge is a must\-see. You can eat some tasty shawarma or barbeque chicken while being greeted by friendly and professional staff. The bartender is a drink wizard, mixing the best liquors to create really fun and nice drinks; in short, the value of your money is met. Tiger Bar is a large open\-air bar where you can hang out with your friends. They have well\-spaced seats and tables, as well as a large screen set up to watch football matches. An interesting thing about this place is that it's a Nigerian brewery sponsored bar so the drinks served here are Nigerian brewery drinks. Security is also a priority here. Other spots are Choice bar, Bimog restaurant and bar, E.chill spot bar etc. Wale Adenuga's infamous Binta International schools has a branch in Ejigbo. Binta International School is committed to upholding the highest educational standards and enforcing strict discipline. Operating with a British curriculum, they boast of students who are trained and educated to be principled, problem solvers, critical thinkers, and an overall beacon to society. They have creche, nursery, primary, and secondary schools. Effortswill Schools, located in the heart of Ejigbo, is a citadel of excellence where students are raised to be nothing less than excellent students. They have a welcoming learning environment, a well\-stocked library, an up\-to\-date computer lab, and adequate sporting facilities. Pearls Garden School is a prestigious co\-educational school with high moral standards that welcomes students of all races and religions. The staff's deliberate and consistent effort to bring out the best in every child is truly exceptional. Pearls Garden School's mission is to nurture children from infancy through various natural development phases and experiences, allowing them to develop reasoning skills, mould their personalities, and showcase innate talents, all while providing them with a top\-notch education. Other popular schools in Ejigbo include Power \& Glory International School and St. Augustine's School.