\# Epe Area Guide

Epe is an Ijebu\-Yoruba town and Local Government Area located next to the Lekki Lagoon in Lagos State. According to history, Uraka, a hunter from Ile\-Ife, was the first settler of Epe. He left Ile\-Ife with a group of hunters on a hunting expedition which led them to a place called ‘Poka’. While here, his favorite hunting ground was a forest which he called Oko\-Epe. Oko\-Epe has since been corrupted to Epe. Uraka was later instructed by the Ifa oracle to settle down in Epe which he did and gradually was joined by other settlers. Places surrounding Epe include Ijebu\-Ode, Ijebu\-Igbo, Sagamu and Ikorodu. In this guide, you will find out about: Epe is widely regarded as Lagos's fishing capital. Fishing is the main occupation of the people here, so it is no surprise that a sculpture of two giant fishes, erected at the Lekki\-Epe T\-Junction, welcomes you to Epe. The Epe Fish Market is regarded as Lagos's largest seafood market. Epe town is well\-known for its tranquilly. Aside from the adventure, sightseeing, and serenity, you also have access to low\-cost animal protein. Epe, like any other society, has special occasions and festivals where people come together to celebrate. Epe residents celebrate various festivals such as the Kayo\-kayo festival, the Ebi bi festival, Ojude\-Oba, and the Epe day. Some campuses of popular higher education institutions in Lagos can be found within Epe. Lagos State University (LASU), Pan\-Atlantic University (PAU), Yaba College of Technology, and Michael Otedola College of Primary Education are among them (MOCOPED). Epe is also the birthplace of notable individuals such as former Lagos State Governor Akinwunmi Ambode and Nigerian businessman Femi Otedola. With a plethora of markets and mini marts strewn throughout Epe, shopping has become simple and convenient for both residents and visitors. Welcome to the Epe Fish Market, also known as Oluwo Fish Market, Lagos' largest seafood market. This is more than just a regular market; it has evolved into one of the most popular tourist destinations in Lagos State. Fish such as shining nose, barracuda, tilapia, red snapper, pangasius, knife fish, and other seafood such as crabs, shrimp, and prawns can be found here. Crocodiles, monkeys, deer, and snails can also be found here. Visit the Epe Fish Market if you like your fish and seafood fresh from the sea. Pobo Market is primarily a food market, but you can also get other everyday cooking ingredients here as the market expands day by day. The items are mostly fresh, and the prices are reasonable. There are also mini marts scattered throughout Epe where you can buy provisions, beverages, kitchen utensils, home appliances, and other items. Downtown Supermarket, Kalypat Store, and Bukky Supermarket are a few examples. Estates in Epe, unlike other developed areas in Lagos State, are still in the planning stages. These estates are being constructed to accommodate families, individuals, and investors. They are designed with the intention of being transformed into high\-end and elegant communities. They will have standard features as well as excellent facilities. If you want to invest in real estate, now is your chance. Merdorf Luxury Estate is a new estate located near Epe T\-Junction and Epe Resort \& Spa. It is planned to have good drainage, consistent electricity, a good road network, a recreational area, a swimming pool, and adequate security. Lagoon Front Estate will have perimeter fencing, potable water, constant electricity, paved roads and drainages, a sports and recreational centre, a state\-of\-the\-art security system, and many other features. Diamond Estate, Micheal Otedola Estate, Heritage Ville Estate Phase 1 and Elite Ville Phase 1 are some other developing estates to consider investing in. There are spas, resorts, restaurants, parks, and many other cool places to visit in Epe to make your visit worthwhile. Epe Recreation Centre is the ideal location for your workouts. It is a cutting\-edge recreation centre where you can participate in a variety of games. A football field, basketball court, swimming pool, lawn tennis court, and volleyball court are all available. You can take time away from work to engage in any of your favourite activities. Make a stop at Epe Mangroves if you want to experience the thrill of a canoe ride. The Mangroves are one of Lagos's best\-kept secrets. If you enjoy nature, you will enjoy the experience of gliding through the still waters as the canoe is paddled slowly. During a tour, you will learn about the history of the Epe people and their way of life. Epe Resort and Spa is a lovely and peaceful resort ideal for a well\-deserved vacation. Swimming, tennis, and bicycle riding are among the activities available here. The resort is also ideal for retreats and mini\-getaways. The food is delicious, and the service is excellent. This resort is highly recommended if you need to get away from the hustle and bustle of Lagos. Joyrich Fun Park is a fun park for both kids and adults. There is a nice bar with a projector for those who want to watch a football game. It also has a restaurant and a children's playground. Amala Express and Alamala Centre serve delectable and well\-prepared local fare. After eating, guests can unwind by playing snooker or tennis at Amala Express. Rice, chicken, yam pottage, ofada rice, plantain, spaghetti, and other delectable dishes are available at Ontario Food Place. They provide takeout, dine\-in, and delivery services. CEO Kitchen and Skolah Kitchen are two other places to go in Epe if you want to satisfy your cravings. If you want to go for spa treatments in the area, there are two options: Ojuloge Beauty Spa and Sweethaven Essential Spa. Epe has a few bars and clubs where you can meet new people, listen to great music, and, most importantly, relax after a long day of work. Ontario Lounge and Club serves high\-quality food, snacks, and beverages. The atmosphere is inviting, and the waiters are courteous. Their food and beverages are also reasonably priced. Labish Lounge is another pleasant place to unwind. You can order cold drinks while listening to the latest music. Joliment Bar and Deswish Bar are two other popular nightlife destinations in Epe. Many Epe schools are dedicated to fostering children's self\-esteem. They have qualified teachers, operate in conducive environments, and provide opportunities for children to gain knowledge in a variety of educational fields. De\-ideal Nursery and Primary School aims to bring education closer to non\-elites, to act as surrogate parents for students, to instil morals, and to provide quality education. El\-Bossa Nursery and Primary School, Vivid Mind Nursery and Primary School, and Fekom Nursery and Primary School are just a few of the excellent primary schools in Epe. Atlantic Hall School, founded in January 1989 by the Atlantic Hall Educational Trust Council, is a co\-educational full\-boarding secondary school that prepares students for active roles in global leadership. The system is also intended to develop potential leaders. Popular alumni include singer Naeto C and award\-winning filmmaker Kemi Adetiba. Citizens Comprehensive College, Epe Girls Junior and Senior High School, Scholars International School, Mater Ecclesiae College, and Neander International School are among the other secondary schools in Epe.