\# Gbagada Area Guide

Gbagada is a vantage point in Lagos State located between the local governments of Kosofe and Shomolu. It is primarily a residential neighbourhood. Because of its location and accessibility, it is a prized jewel. Popular areas in Gbagada include Ifako, New Garage, and Diya Street, among others. Oworonshoki, Ifako Soluyi, Anthony Village, Ajao Estate, and Mende are some of the neighbourhoods surrounding Gbagada. In this guide, you will find out about: Gbagada is also known for being a one\-stop shop for its residents. It is both a residential and commercial neighbourhood. There are schools, hospitals, restaurants, and banks scattered throughout the area. Gbagada is one of the best places to live in Lagos. It is right next to the popular Third Mainland Bridge, which connects the mainland to the island. The Third Mainland Bridge is currently the longest in Lagos and Nigeria. Because of Gbagada's location, the mainland can be reached via the Gbagada\-Oworonsoki expressway and the island via the Third Mainland Bridge. A reputable football club was formed in Gbagada. The club, formerly known as Gbagada FC, was founded in 2013 and evolved from an evening pastime for people to relax after work to a standard football club, now known as the Blue Eagles. In Gbagada, the club is still developing new players despite the fact that it currently competes in Nigeria's third tier league. Shopping in Gbagada has become more convenient for its residents, thanks to the abundance of stores in the area. There are a variety of places to shop in Gbagada, whether you want to go to the supermarket yourself or you want home delivery services. Home Affairs Store is the place to go for all of your daily needs and more. They sell a wide range of products, including fresh groceries, home appliances, baby products, stationery, toiletries, cosmetics, gift items, and so on, all at reasonable prices. The store is well\-organized, spacious, and simple to navigate. PEP Store has several locations throughout Lagos. Fortunately, they have a branch in Gbagada. They sell reasonably priced children's and adult clothing. There are also unique home items and toys available. Shop City Supermarket is a mini\-mart for residents of Gbagada and its surrounding areas. They have a wide range of products, including electronics, clothing, and food and beverages, all of which are well\-presented. There is also a bakery in the supermarket. Customer service is excellent, and they provide home delivery services. Food, interior decor, clothing, shoes, cosmetics, kitchen utensils, and other items are also available at De Prince Supermarket. Do not worry about parking your car when you visit the supermarket because there is plenty of space. Gbagada market, located on Akerele Street, has a plethora of foodstuffs to stock your home. The prices are also reasonably reasonable. Gbagada is primarily a residential area, so you will be able to find great estates that suit both your taste and your budget. Gbagada Phases 1 and 2 are both safe and peaceful estates. They are tranquil areas with a thriving community of peaceful residents. Security personnel in the estates are on standby and dressed appropriately. The houses are also quite spacious, and the roads are well paved. The estates contain businesses such as salons, supermarkets, and so on. Waste management is handled properly in both estates, and the streets are kept clean. Residents and visitors who are unable to walk have the option of taking commercial motorbikes, tricycles, or taxis in Gbagada Phase 2\. One thing that stands out about Medina Estate is the excellent security. Aside from that, the estate is also welcoming, serene, and well\-kept. Medina Estate has beautiful buildings and great layouts. Furthermore, the estate is peaceful and one of the most exclusive places to live in Gbagada. If you are considering staying in Gbagada, Atunrase Estate is another highly recommended estate to live in. It has excellent structures, and Atunrase Estate has a well\-organized residents association to ensure that it is well\-managed. It is so safe that it has its own police station on the estate. The estate also has a pharmacy, schools, churches, mosques, and shops, so you will not have to travel far to get basic household items, medications, and services. You avoid the suffocating Lagos traffic and get everything you need within the estate. You can trust Gbagada to have amazing places for you to experience its day\-to\-day life. There are numerous restaurants, spas, and parks to make your return and stay worthwhile. Do you prefer chicken, fries, or a burger? They are available at KFC. The atmosphere is wonderful, and the top floor provides some privacy. If you want to have a casual meeting, a quick hangout, or a date, KFC is a good option. If you want your Nigerian meals in a posh bukka style, order from a variety of meals at Bukka Hut. Ofada rice, village rice, hut chops, ewa agoyin, and sauce, among other things, are available here. After eating, you can unwind at Alao, also known as Bashorun Park. The park has a multipurpose field where you can play games, have picnics, hang out, and throw small parties. It is family\-friendly and open to the public. If you enjoy sports, you can also visit Gbagada Tennis Club, Araromi Youth Development Centre, Chevron Recreational Centre, and IBB Sports Centre. Daisys Signatures Aesthetics, Princess Naturals Skincare/Spa, The Spa Melori, White Pearl Salon, Spa and Gym, or Unique Glow Beauty World and Spa can all meet your spa needs. Looking for a good place to unwind at night and listen to music while eating and drinking? Do not be concerned. Gbagada has a plethora of them. Southpaw Lounge, Wise Ken Limited, The Boardroom Bar and Lounge, Orange Xclusive Lounge, and Ultimate Bar are just a few examples. Orange Xclusive Lounge and some of the other lounges/bars serve barbeque catfish, grilled fish, and other dishes. If you enjoy peppered goat meat, Wise Ken Limited sells asun. You do not have to be concerned about schools for your children if you live in Gbagada. There are a sufficient number of schools with adequate learning facilities for your children. Corona School, which is 66 years old, is an elementary school with a team of highly qualified, committed, passionate, and experienced teachers. It is set in a tranquil setting with lovely gardens, all of which contribute to the students' learning. El\-Bethel Nursery and Primary School, Estaport Schools, Prime Rose Montessori School, Tots n Cots School, and Gemseed Children Academy are among the other primary schools. There are also outstanding secondary schools. Emerald Schools, Christ The Redeemer Secondary School, Gbagada Comprehensive High School, National College, Toyibat Comprehensive High School, Lantana Private School, Kells' School, and other schools are among them.