\# Ikeja GRA Area Guide

Ikeja GRA is a residential and commercial hub for affluent Lagos mainlanders, with many government officials choosing to live there. In Ikeja's government\-reserved area, there are many high\-end homes, government offices, beautiful five\-star hotels, and lots of places to eat. Ikeja GRA is in the Ikeja Local Government area and borders Maryland. It is close to the domestic and local airports in Lagos, MMA1 and MMA2\. In this guide, you will find out about: Ikeja GRA, believe it or not, was initially intended for a residential living but has since grown to be not only residential but also highly commercialised. In addition, it is notable for a large number of government buildings and offices in Lagos. The Police College Ikeja, Ikeja High Court, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, Old Secretariat Ikeja, Lagos State Building Control Agency, and many others are among them. One of the reasons a number of government officials chose to live in Ikeja GRA is the ease of commuting to and from work. Ikeja GRA is thought to be one of the safest places in Lagos because the government is so present there. Ikeja GRA is a self\-sustaining mini\-hub that is rich in all essential living amenities, so residents will never have to leave their comfort zone to get access to anything they require. From a 5\-star hotel like Marriot, or Radisson Blu to a more affordable alternative like BON Hotel Ikeja, to nice dining places like Ocean Basket, Cubana hut and grill, to more traditional cuisine like Jevinik down to Domino's pizza, Ikeja GRA has you covered no matter what your taste is. Hotels in the area include the Marriott Hotel, the BON Hotel Ikeja, and the Radisson Blu. The Prince Ebeano supermarket and pharmacy is a popular shopping destination; you'll find all of your regular and hard\-to\-find grocery items here. Orchid Court in GRA Ikeja is one of the most famous estates, if not the most famous. It is where some of the best people in GRA live. It is a private residential development with "European standard" finishing materials and a mix of top\-notch and unique architecture. There are several types of residential units to choose from at Orchid Court, each with its own unique view and serene spatial arrangement. If you want to live in the creme de la creme suburb of Lagos, and mingle with the rich, the powerful and the socialites in Ikeja GRA, a home in orchid court is your perfect abode. The Millennium Housing Estate is renowned for being a safe and tranquil neighbourhood. The former governor of Lagos State, Babatunde Raji Fashola, honoured Emeka Anyaoku with the naming of Millennium Estate in honour of his enormous contribution to the growth of Lagos State while serving as the Secretary General of the Commonwealth. The estate is reputed to be strategically located in the centre of GRA Ikeja. It is located next to the Police Commissioner's office, and police barracks, and is a stone's throw from Area F Headquarters. Moreover, it is close to the Police College, High Court, and Old Secretariat. Integrity Gardens Estate is a nice estate with beautiful structures and a conducive environment to reside in. Security is at its best and there are restrictions to illegal and irregular movement in the area. Lonex Gardens Estate is a private residential estate on 20 hectares of prime land with a Certificate of Occupancy. Lonex Estate is known for its good road network and constant power supply. The buildings on the Greenlife Estate are excellent and well\-built. The estate is in a calm, serene and secure area inside Ikeja GRA. The estate buildings are distinctive and contain a variety of facilities. Grapevine Real Estate is 2\.0 km from the Maryland Bus Stop, 1\.7 km from the airport, and 1\.6 km from the Ladipo Bus Stop. Peace Court is a residential estate developed by a Private Individual and has adequate security. Just like the name suggests, it is a peaceful estate with a clean environment. Peace Court Estate is indeed a home that residents look forward to coming back to at the end of a hectic day in Lagos. Jevinik Place is a great place to chill out with a friend or family at an affordable price. The restaurant offers meals at the best value. Consider Jevinik if you're looking for a restaurant where you can sample almost all Nigerian specialties at a pocket\-friendly price. If you're in Ikeja GRA, Lagos, La Mango Restaurant and Lounge should be on your itinerary. It is a very romantic setting for dinner because of the atmosphere at night. Food is very affordable, and service is top\-notch. The Place Restaurant is one of the best restaurants in Ikeja GRA. The restaurant is simply an answer to a rising demand for rich, top\-quality Nigerian home cooking that is quickly served. In addition, they have different kinds of food, ranging from local dishes to international ones. The food at the restaurant is quite tasty and pocket\-friendly. Other places to visit during the day in Ikeja GRA include Ocean Basket Metro Park and The Orchids Bistro, among others. In the centre of Ikeja GRA, Rumours Night Club is a one\-stop fun destination. It has earned the title of the best nightclub on the mainland. The club has a fantastic location, a pleasant atmosphere, and extremely strict security. Since they signed an exclusivity agreement with Hennessy, Rumours Night Club may be your favourite destination if you enjoy Remy Martin or other non\-Hennessy alcoholic beverages. Crescendo Lounge and Bar combines an assortment of hospitality services like formal dining, lounges, and light music entertainment. As they are designed for middle\-class and upper\-class people ages 30 and older, their services are specialised and exclusive in nature. They provide ancillary experiences in hospitality, entertainment, culture, and the arts that can subtly complement eminent lifestyles. Pose 24/7 Club is believed to be one of the best nightclubs in Ikeja GRA. Grange School is a private day school in Ikeja, GRA. Grange School was founded in 1958 by a group of British expatriates to provide education of an equivalent standard to that obtained in the UK. The Grange School encourages students to participate in charity events as well as other extracurricular activities such as chess, arts and crafts, swimming, tennis, football, and basketball. Grenville Schools is a prestigious British international school and boarding school located in Ikeja, GRA. Grenville School follows the British curriculum. The mission of Grenville is to ensure that all students have the opportunity to reach their personal best academically, socially and spiritually in order to become leaders of the future Other schools in Ikeja GRA include Bambini School, St. Paul’s Nursery and Primary School, and Rahmat Islammiyah Nursery and Primary School, among others.