\# Igbo Efon Area Guide

Igbo Efon, which can be found in the Eti\-Osa local government area, is home to both indigenous and non\-indigenous people who live there for economic and professional reasons. The relatively small neighbourhood sits across the Lekki\-Epe expressway from Idado. On a good day, the commute time from Igbo Efon to Victoria Island, Lagos, is only 15 minutes for those who work there. The exact date of Igbo Efon's founding is unknown, but it was recognised as an autonomous community in 2017\. Despite Igbo Efon's shoddy roads, lack of essential social amenities, and clogged drains, the area's middle and lower class Nigerians are quite content in their reasonably priced apartments. Locations such as Victoria Island and Victoria Island II, Ilasan, Ikate, Ilado, Eti\-Osa, Ajah, Sangotedo, Ado, Langbasa, Badore, and Obalende can be found close to Igbo\-Efon. In this guide, you will find out about: Have you ever pondered the origins of the name Igbo\-Efon and what it means in English?  Igbo\-efon means "Forest of Buffaloes" in the local language. A hunter from back when the whole place was covered in thick forest and teeming with buffaloes came up with the name. In times past, before the advent of civilisation, the woods were a hunter's paradise. It is also important to remember that despite Igbo Efon's island location, it is a densely populated area dominated by low\- and middle\-income earners. People who cannot afford to live in the most affluent parts of Lekki will find this area to be ideal. Some of the most stylish and comfortable workplaces in Lagos can be found in the Igbo Efon neighbourhood. It is the only route to the world\-famous Alpha Beach, and it connects to both New Road and Chevron Drive. Corporate workers from nearby companies and locals involved in commercial activities give the area a lively and bubbly atmosphere. Unlike other parts of Lagos, where residents frequently experience total blackouts, Igbo Efon receives electricity from the Eko Electricity Distribution Company on a fairly consistent basis. There are numerous shopping opportunities in and around Igbo Efon market. This is a good location for household items for those who enjoy outdoor shopping. Various shops and kiosks can be found throughout the area. Locals and visitors from all over the world flock to the Lekki Art and Craft Market. It is, as the name implies, an ideal market for arts and crafts. Ankara fabrics and fashion accessories are repurposed into Ankara bags, clutch purses, fabric\-covered shoes, neck pieces, and other accessories. Handwoven raffia products and lovely souvenirs representing Nigerian and African culture in general are also available. Jakande Market is an open\-air general market where people can purchase anything from food to clothing to household items. Raw foods like rice, beans, yam, pork, and fish can be purchased from stalls. You can also get random items like buckets, nails, and shoes. Explore Grace Supermarket, Great Panda Minimart, and Williams Store in the neighbourhood for groceries, cosmetics, and other necessities. Grace Supermarket provides excellent service and courteous employees. Great Panda Minimart is a self\-service store that sells a wide range of food, beverages, and household items. William Store is a trustworthy retail outlet for your emergency and medical supplies. While the area caters to people from all socioeconomic backgrounds, it is also a good option for those looking for low\-cost homes near V.I. and Ikoyi. Chevy View Estate, located directly across the street from the headquarters of Chevron Nigeria Limited, is one of the most popular estates in the Igbo Efon area. The estate is well\-known for being one of the top ten most expensive estates in Lagos. It is quiet here, and security is tight. Power and water are also always available. The estate is not only residential; it also houses a variety of businesses such as schools, hotels, and offices. Because the estate is well\-secured, searches are conducted on non\-residents as well as cars entering and exiting the estate. The majority of the homes on this estate are duplexes (semi\- and fully detached; terraces), and the majority of the occupants are upper\-class, well\-off families. Idado is another estate close to Igbo Efon. It is situated on the Lekki\-Epe Expressway between Jakande and Chevron. It takes about 15 minutes to get to Victoria Island and Ikoyi without traffic, and 30\-45 minutes during rush hour. Idado Estate is a gated estate with a serene setting and excellent security. It is one of the area's fastest growing estates. Alpha Beach is a great place to unwind on the weekend. It is a less crowded beach with a good selection of lounges, eateries, and group gathering sheds. The entrance fee is reasonable, and there is plenty of parking. Horseback riding, relaxing on the beach, playing in the ocean, and partying in one of the sheds are all options for visitors. Alpha Beach is a great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of Lagos. The Lekki Conservation Centre is not far from Igbo Efon if you want to get away from the city. This location, also known as LCC, was created to protect wildlife and reduce excessive urbanisation in the area. The centre has one of the longest canopy walks in West Africa. Forest walking, canopy climbing, outdoor games, bird watching, and tree climbing are among the activities available to visitors. It is a stunning location for those who appreciate adventure and nature. The Lekki Arts \& Crafts Market is a well\-known tourist attraction in Lagos. Both locals and visitors come here to buy the wonderful handmade arts and crafts. Woven baskets, beaded works, artworks, paintings, carvings, and other similar items The list is endless. For art enthusiasts, this is a must\-see location. Charlitees Point is the place to go for authentic African cuisine that will satisfy your taste buds. It is a restaurant and bar in Lekki that serves delectable local and continental cuisine as well as refreshing drinks. Live band music, comedy night, ladies' night, hip hop music, and other weekly activities are available at the bubbly restaurant. SV Lunchbox \& Cocktails has consistently received 5\-star reviews on Google. Visitors have praised their juicy grills, amazing cocktails, and friendly service. I am sure you would like to partake in some of those as well. Top Phase African Kitchen, Majesty's Island Chinese Restaurant, and Amala Nigeria Limited are also excellent choices. Top Phase Bar is a fun place to hang out with friends late at night in Igbo\-Efon. Residents can get some cold drinks while relaxing and discussing their day. The service is also excellent. Bay Lounge is a waterfront restaurant in the upscale Lekki neighbourhood of Lagos. It is close by and provides residents of Igbo Efon with a cool relaxation spot with a pleasant ambiance. Sao Cafe is another lively late\-night hangout. You can hang out with your friends and family here while eating delicious food and participating in fun activities like game night. Rex Genus School is a well\-known educational institution in Igbo Efon. The school's vision is to be one of the top Christian schools in Nigeria, producing morally and academically sound students capable of competing with peers from all over the world. They are on a mission to produce total children through the use of a highly skilled and disciplined workforce in the most favourable environment. They provide an air\-conditioned school bus, qualified teachers, and adequate school supplies, among other things. Troika School, established in 2005, is an Igbo Efon private nursery, primary, and secondary school. The school offers a traditional education as well as a multilingual curriculum that includes Mandarin (Chinese) and French. Linsy Schools, which was established in 1999, is another school in Igbo Efon. It offers education from kindergarten to high school in an exceptional learning environment. There are kindergarten, nursery, primary, and secondary sections, as well as boarding facilities, at the school. Westside House School, Hetal School, Britafro International School, Gracefield School, and New Hall International School are also options for Igbo Efon residents.