\# Ikeja Area Guide

Say hello to 'Ikeja', the capital of Lagos state. Ikeja is a commercial hub and the seat of government in Lagos State, and it is located on the mainland. The Awori were the first people to settle in Ikeja. They are said to have migrated from Ota before the 19th century in search of suitable farmland, eventually settling in Ikeja. The city was previously known as 'Akeja,' and was named after the deity that the Awori people worshipped. Over time, the name became distorted, eventually becoming Ikeja. However, some claim that the name Ikeja is an acronym for 'Ikorodu and Epe Joint Administration.' Ikeja is 17 km North\-West of Lagos State, and has districts such as Anifowose, Ogba, Onigbongbo, Oregun, Ojodu, Opebi, Alausa etc. In this guide, you will find out about: Ikeja is not called the state capital for nothing. To begin with, it is home to Computer Village, Africa's largest information and communication technology market. This market has everything to do with technology. Ikeja is also home to Lagos State's only airport, Muhammed International Airport. The local airport as well as the international airport are both located on the premises. Ikeja is home to some of Nigeria's most opulent hotels. The Radisson Blu, Sheraton Lagos Hotel, Marriott Hotel, The Providence Hotel, Shoregate Hotels, and others are among the hotels available. The legendary Fela Anikulapo Kuti lived in Ikeja and his home, which has now been converted into a museum, still houses all of his belongings. If you want to go shopping, Ikeja, as the mainland's hotspot, has plenty of options. Ikeja is home to the largest mall on the Lagos mainland. The Ikeja City Mall, also known as ICM, is Nigeria's busiest shopping mall. Within the mall, there are numerous clothing stores, restaurants, game stores, book stores, lounges, cinemas, and other notable fun destinations. One of the country's largest shopping malls, 'Shoprite,' is located within ICM. Provisions, baby items, toiletries, cooking utensils, food, and drinks are available. Visit Computer Village for all of your tech needs. Computers, smartphones, tablets, games, smart gadgets, hardware, accessories, and electronics are all available for purchase. You can also repair or swap your tech gadgets, as well as replace electronic parts. Other places to shop in Ikeja include SPAR, Veritas Supermarket, Auxano Supermarket, Valentine Supermarket, Goodies Superstores, KLS Supermarket, Jara Shopping Mall, and so on. The estates in Ikeja are of exceptional quality. There are a lot of lovely and safe ones to choose from. Most of them put you in the same neighbourhood as highly regarded government parastatals. Minimah Estate is located on Airport Road and features well\-kept, tarred roads as well as strict security. The Awuse Estate in Opebi is a haven of peace and tranquilly. International schools, restaurants, banks, and hospitals are all within its reach. Dideolu Estate, Awuse Estate, Alausa Royal Estate, Orchid Court Estate, and Brown's Court are among the others. Are you looking to unwind in Ikeja? You have arrived at the right location. You can go to the movies, a museum, a park, or a spa to see the latest releases. Imagine having access to the former residence of a well\-known musician. Does not it sound exciting? You can do so by going to Fela Kuti's home, the Kalakuta Republic Museum, and learning about his work while he was still alive. Fela's bedroom features his famous saxophone, shoes, shirts, jewellery, and paintings on his wall, all of which have been kept in the same condition as when he left them. The museum also has a rooftop café, and you can stay the night in one of the en\-suite rooms if you so desire. For movie buffs, the Silverbird Cinema at ICM and Viva Cinemas at Jara Shopping Mall both have recently released films. There are many restaurants in Ikeja that will satisfy your cravings for local food, seafood, intercontinental cuisine, or even finger foods. Ocean Basket, Casper and Gambini's, Rhapsody's, The Orchid Bistro, Grizzly Restaurant, Rhodes BBQ Smokehouse, Burg, Zen Garden, Iyeru Okin Restaurant, and Hua Han Korean/Chinese Restaurant are just a few of the restaurants on the list. You can also unwind and enjoy nature in one of Ikeja's many parks. Johnson Jakande Tinubu (JJT) Park and Ndubuisi Kanu Park are the top choices. You will find a peaceful and serene environment in these parks, which are ideal for picnics, hangouts, get\-togethers, and even group meetings. You can also bring your children along to enjoy the playgrounds. Another place to have a good time is Playzone. It can be found within ICM. You can play a variety of games, drive cars, and have fun. You can visit any of the spas in Ikeja for wellness and body care. Amani Spa and Wellness, Bioviva Holistic Spa, Sweet Brook Massage Spa, Charisma Cosmetics, and House of Tay Spa are among the most popular. Even though daytime in Ikeja is a blast, nighttime is even better. There are numerous bars and clubs where you can unwind. The New Afrika Shrine is an open\-air entertainment centre where Fela's children, Femi and Seun Kuti, perform music. Rumors nightclub, Cubana, Crescendo bar, Carlsbad Lounge and nightclub, Club Invogue, Club Uno, and Liquid Lounge are some of the clubs available. Schools in Ikeja have proven to be outstanding and have consistently ranked in the top positions over the years, thanks to excellent learning infrastructure and experienced teachers. Many of them adhere to the British educational system, which draws international students. New Belmont Hall Nursery and Primary School, Ikeja Local Government Primary School, Gopherwood School, Bambini School, and Leeland School, to name a few, are popular primary schools. Ikeja High School, Command Day Secondary School, and Air Force Secondary School are examples of government\-owned secondary schools. Vivian Fowler Memorial College, Greenville School, Grange School, Cambridge College, Temple School, and Chrisland College are among the private colleges. Ikeja is also home to the Nigerian Police Training School, the Nigerian Police College, and the Nigerian Police Training College.