\# Ikorodu Area Guide

Ikorodu is a town in Lagos, Nigeria, located to the north\-east of the metropolis. It shares a border with Ogun State and is located near the Lagos Lagoon. It is the second biggest local government area in Lagos State, with a population of over 500,000 people according to the 2006 census. Since then, the town has grown into a metropolis with a population of over a million people. According to known data, Ikorodu's history is that of a people whose forefathers descended from the Remo Stock of the Yoruba tribe in the 17th Century and lived on a plateau, naming it Ikorodu\- a shorter form of 'Oko\-Odu,' which literally means Odu farm. This plateau is densely forested with odu, an extinct vegetable species used for textile dying. As a result, the early settlers thought it was a good idea to name their new community after it. The town is split into roughly seventeen 'Ituns' or tiny sections, such as Itunwaiye, Itunmaja, Itunsoku, Itunojoru, Itun Layeodo, Itun Elepe, and so on. Nearby important towns include Imota, Isiu, Liadi, Egbin, Ijede, Igbogbo, and Bayeku, each of which has its own Local Council Development Area with its own traditional rulers (Obas). Together, these areas make up the Ikorodu Division. In this guide, you will find out about: The main industries in the town are trading, farming, and it is worth noting that Ikorodu is the fastest expanding suburb of Lagos, owing to the rising migration of residents from nearby villages drawn to the town by its closeness to Lagos. The town's primary businesses include commerce, farming, and manufacturing, and the people of Ikorodu are kind and hardworking. This results in a collection of interesting and notable facts about the town. Imota rice mill is an agricultural plant with a capacity to produce 2\.8 million 50kg bags of rice yearly. It was built in Ikorodu in the year 2021 and is expected to be the largest rice production in Sub\-Saharan Africa when it commences full production. The largest power generating station in Nigeria is also located in Ikorodu. It is a gas\-fired plant that can also run on High Pour Fuel Oil. It is called the Egbin Thermal Station. Ikorodu is also home to the Lagos State Polytechnic and Caleb Institution, Lagos' first private university, which is located in the town's Imota district. In Ikorodu, there are various public libraries open to students, teachers, researchers, and anybody who enjoys reading. The Ikorodu Town Hall Library and the Laspotech Library are two amongst them. Ikorodu Bois is a Nigerian internet comedy troupe that recreates and replicates multi\-million dollar music videos, Hollywood movie trailers, and epic pictures. Three Muslim brothers from Ikorodu make up the group. They began acting in 2017 and have since grown to fame. They’ve been recognized by some Hollywood producers and actors such as the Russo brothers, and Will Smith. Justrite Superstore is your neighborhood one\-stop retail supermarket, offering a wide selection of things at moderate prices, from electronics to groceries, cooking equipment, and prescriptions. The customer service is great, and the location and layout of the facility allow for ample parking. Grocery Bazaar Limited is another Ikorodu firm that provides high\-quality items at moderate prices. It's a great facility with kind and friendly staff. Sesame Supermarket and Cake Store offers a variety of cakes such as sponge cake and fruit cake. They provide in\-store purchasing as well as delivery services. If you prefer shopping at open\-air marketplaces, go to Sabo market or Elepe Community market. Sabo is a big market in Ikorodu that mostly offers consumable food. Elepe Community Market is an alternate choice for purchasing low\-cost consumables and home supplies. Valleyview Estate is considered to be one of the best in the area. With a pretty nice layout and consistent electricity, it's easy to see why. It's also incredibly serene, tidy, and safe. Springview Estate is a brand\-new estate with modern structures and well\-planned streets and access roads. There is also better ventilation and less pollution in the area. Greenleaf Estate is another gorgeous estate that is rapidly expanding. Its strengths include a pleasant setting and effective security. Treasure Island Estate and Diamond Estate are two other excellent housing alternatives. The "Origin Gardens" in Ebute is a facility that many inhabitants are unaware of. The site includes a museum with antiquities and relics collected from various areas of Nigeria, as well as a zoo with many species from throughout the world. Origin Gardens is located on the Atlantic Ocean's coast, so tourists may enjoy the lovely view of the flowing ocean. There is also an event area, a tiny bar, and a boat jetty on the premises. Dream Park and Gardens is a lovely family entertainment and recreational facility that includes a theatre, pool, playground, gym, and video games. There is also a lounge with excellent drink service and a restaurant. A vacation to Ikorodu would be incomplete without a stop at the Oshodi Art Gallery, a creative and visual arts studio. It is an educational organisation founded in 1965 with the goal of bringing our cultural history to life via the acquisition and presentation of artworks representing African culture. You may also purchase creative works such as paintings, graphics, and sculptures. Lavendiana Spa is the place to go if you want to treat your skin while in Ikorodu. It is a high\-end spa that provides aesthetic services such as body massage, facial treatments, waxing, manicures, and pedicures. There are various possibilities for places to dine in Ikorodu depending on your budget. There are restaurants such as Chicken Republic and Magrellos fast food that sell pastries as well as soul\-satisfying dishes ranging from continental to local. There are also a number of local restaurants in the area, such as Queen Restaurant, that will provide you with a nice dining experience at a reasonable price. For pizza lovers, Dominos Pizza is a good option. It has a 4\-star rating and offers both dine\-in and delivery options. Haven Lounge \& Club is a high\-end nightclub featuring a restaurant and a bar. It is a new club with VIP areas. There are high standards here, and the party never stops. On Wednesdays through Sundays, The Place Lounge morphs into a large nightclub. Great music from top\-rated DJs and live performances by A\-list artists are highlights. Anchor Point Grills is another location where you can enjoy the night. Grilled chicken and fish, kebab, and shawarma are all available. Landmark College is a co\-educational day and boarding school that was founded in Ikorodu in 2007\. It follows a comprehensive and balanced curriculum that combines British and Nigerian curricula. In addition to WAEC and NECO preparation, students are coached and enrolled for highly known international tests like the SAT and TOEFL. Great Joy Schools is made up of Montessori, Nursery, Primary, and College schools. It delivers high\-quality education and helps students develop their unique skills. They are also taught to apply their classroom experiences to the realities of the outside world. Lighthouse International Schools is a one\-of\-a\-kind institution with a strong educational foundation. They hope to catch children when they are young in order to provide them with a suitable intellectual, moral, and spiritual education. It was founded by Rev. Dr. Olu Farombi, who happens to be the General Overseer of Foursquare Gospel Church, Nigeria. Hadid Dynamic Schools, and Unique Blossom schools are other examples of popular schools in Ikorodu.