\# Ikotun Area Guide

Ikotun is a community in Lagos state's northwest region, as well as the home of Alimosho, the state's largest local government area. It is a 500\-year\-old ancient community founded by Yoruba ancestors who migrated from Ile\-Ife, the Yorubas' ancestral homeland. It is one of the most affordable places to live in Lagos and is home to about 400,000 people. Idimu, Ijegun, Igando, and Egbeda are some of the nearby towns and localities. In this guide, you will find out about: If you are familiar with the Nigerian religious community, you have probably heard of the Synagogue Church and the well\-known miracles performed there. This church was founded by the late Prophet T.B Joshua and is located in Ikotun, Lagos. The Synagogue Church of All Nations is a thriving Christian megachurch that regularly draws over 50,000 people to Sunday services. It is said that the church has more weekly visitors than Buckingham Palace and the Tower of London combined. It has been described as "Nigeria's most visited tourist attraction" and "West Africa's most visited religious tourism destination". The presence of this Church has impacted greatly on the business operations in the whole of Ikotun. Ikotun market is an open\-air market with over 8,400 lock\-up shops and over 10,000 dealers selling everything from food to clothing, appliances, and electronics. It is well\-known for its price\-based selling strategy and is a significant contributor to the state's economic success. As one of Lagos's biggest marketplaces, you can shop for household items with ease and confidence of getting the best prices. As a Nigerian, you must have heard about the award\-winning multi\-talented singer, Adekunle Gold. What you may not know is that Adekunle Gold spent his earlier years as an Ikotun boy. He was raised in the neighbourhood before his rise to stardom. The KAF Mall is the ideal location for leisure and shopping in Ikotun, offering everything from shopping to relaxing, watching a movie, and playing games. The mall contains a variety of stores, restaurants, a cinema, a game centre, and a rooftop lounge. It has a nice atmosphere and is suitable for families. The Grocery Bazaar is located within KAF Mall and is an excellent shopping option. Household items, clothing, shoes, and cosmetics are among the many items available at Twins Faja. They have a bakery where they sell delicious pastries and fresh bread. There is ample parking, a wheelchair\-accessible entrance, and excellent security. The store is open from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Sunday. Sengabis supermarket is another spot where you may enjoy a fantastic shopping experience. Quality things are sold at reasonable prices, and the staff are really nice and accommodating. Alternative local grocery stores include Estolaf Supermarket and Destiny Superstore. Peace Estate is a beautiful Estate with well\-built structures. In the vicinity, there are churches, mosques, restaurants, salons, and even a football pitch. It is also at an excellent location, making it pretty convenient to access from other parts of Lagos. The neighbourhood is said to be undergoing rapid changes and development. Adams Estate is one of the housing alternatives in Ikotun. The occupants' access to a stable power supply is one of its most prominent advantages. Furthermore, the neighbourhood is really tranquil and secure. Diamond Estate is another lovely estate with a pleasant, tranquil ambiance and well\-kept roads. Residents do not need to pay a fortune to acquire a home in this area. Do you need a place to dine in Ikotun? Make a trip to Food City. It is a fast food restaurant that offers delicious meals, snacks, and beverages for both dine\-in and takeout. The ambiance is comfortable and welcoming, with VIP spaces available for additional privacy and/or meetings. For pizza lovers, Domino's Pizza is an excellent choice. It is spacious and has a pleasant feel. The pricing is affordable. As an added bonus, after you've finished your meal, you may go upstairs for ice cream from Coldstone Creamery. Filmworld Cinemas is readily available for movie\-lovers. Located within KAF Mall, the cinema offers both Hollywood and Nollywood blockbusters for your enjoyment. Make sure to grab a popcorn and drink to complete the experience. The Brainfield Event Centre, located on the Isheri\-Igando road, provides a low\-cost event space as well as additional amenities such as a cinema where people of all ages may meet to watch movies, a lounge where people can relax and play snooker, a swimming pool, and a garden/play area for children. The admission fee is very affordable too. With 500 naira, residents can enjoy their day\-out. Beldi Wellness Spa is the place to go if you want to pamper your skin while you're in the area. Massage, face treatments, manicures, and pedicures are just a few of the services available. Another option is Mottoy Beauty and Spa. You can get organic skin care items of the highest quality here. For premium entertainment, The Place Club has a bar with live bands, giant projector screens that show sporting or comic events, snooker tables, and other games like Ludo. Simple dishes such as pepper soup are frequently sold. Ace Lounge is a relaxing area with beautiful scenery. Their menu offers a wide range of delectable drinks at reasonable prices. It is open till late at night, so you can come here after a day of activity by yourself or with friends. The Leo Club and Club Hardrock are two other places to unwind and have a good time at night in the Ikotun neighbourhood. Crestview International School offers a British\-Nigerian curriculum and boasts of a standard ICT centre, libraries and laboratories, a sports complex, sick bay, and swimming pool, among other amenities. Foreign languages are taught, and students are exposed to extracurricular activities such as chess and taekwondo. Molan Schools is another prestigious institution where kids receive a good education as well as practical life skills that enable them to become remarkable members of society. Educational service is available at nursery, primary, and secondary levels. Fortune Private School is a specialist in providing high\-quality, low\-cost education. When compared to students from other schools, the students perform excellently well.