\# Ilupeju Area Guide

Ilupeju is a Yoruba phrase that means "the town is gathered." Ilupeju, often referred to as "Indian Village," is located on the Lagos mainland and is administered by Mushin Local Government Area. The majority of Ilupeju's people are from the working class. Town planning way, Tinubu road, Ilupeju bypass, Coker road, and Ilupeju Industrial Avenue are all popular routes in Ilupeju. It shares borders with sections of Ikorodu as well as Mushin, Oshodi, Obanikoro, and Anthony. In this guide, you will find out about: Ilupeju also has a temple where people go for worship. It is known as Ayyappa Temple, and everyone is welcome to visit and pray there. It would amaze you to learn that the Indians in Ilupeju celebrate holidays including Bakrid, Eid, Diwali, Ganpati, Durga, and Dandia. Ilupeju gets more gorgeous and appealing during the festival days. If you're wondering where the popular reality television show Big Brother Naija House is filmed, it's in Ilupeju. It was built in 2019 and has hosted other seasons since then. Ilupeju is also home to a number of well\-known businesses, including Emzor Pharmaceuticals Industries Limited, Haier Thermocool, and Nestle Nigeria Plc. The majority of these businesses are concentrated in Ilupeju Industrial Estate. The SPAR in Ilupeju, like every other SPAR in Lagos, is adequately packed. Beverages, groceries, prepared meals, snacks, beauty products, home and office appliances, furniture, and a variety of other items are available. SPAR has a huge parking lot, a large interior and a well\-organised point of payment. There is a grill section, a bakery, a vineyard, and a pharmacy within the structure. Frozen goods such as whole chickens, chicken parts, fish, gizzards, chicken and beef sausages, and so on are available at Zartech Limited. They also offer a seafood department where you can buy shrimp, snails, and other shellfish. Zartech's list is limitless, and the greatest thing is that it is continually updated. The Bazaar Supermarket is the place to go if you're seeking for unusual grains, fresh herbs, spices, and seeds. It's a full\-service supermarket with a vegetable market. The store offers enough parking, and the personnel are always willing to assist. There is also a restaurant where you can get Indian food, bread, and other refreshments. Other shopping alternatives include Shop Perfect, Brides Own Secret, Resham's Book Palace, Souvenir\-Etcetera, Fruit Market, and Number 1 Supermarket. Ilupeju Gardens is a newly developed fully\-serviced estate. The estate was developed with a conscious effort to protect nature, with a large private green park planted with 50 Neem Dogonyaro trees. Ilupeju Gardens Estate's recreational amenities include a basketball court, a football field, and a swimming pool. The estate also has 24\-hour power, a steady water supply, CCTV, and a uniformed security presence. Pearl Estate has good road networks that connect to the Ikorodu highway and the third mainland bridge. It is gated and safe, with its own swimming pool, generator, and plenty of parking. Ilupeju Court is a very calm neighbourhood with a reliable power supply, a strong road network, and adequate security. Ilupeju Court contains a pool, a badminton court, a football pitch, and a basketball court to meet the recreational needs of its residents. Ilupeju Industrial Estate is the most popular estate in Ilupeju. It is known, however, for having a large number of warehouses and businesses dealing with textile, food and beverage, paint, pharmaceutical, building and construction industries, printing and publishing, soap and detergent, and so on. Shodex Garden allows you to experience nature at its best. The garden offers a zoo, a pool, a mini\-restaurant, a bar, a playground for children, and even a space for events. It's also a lovely location for photoshoots, hangouts, and gatherings. If you enjoy gardens/parks or simply want a peaceful open spot to relax in, Shodex Garden is the place to go. Olutunda Park is not large, but it is certainly beautiful with its green space and wonderful environment. It's also a nice spot for small gatherings. Basketball fans, come on in! At Dodan Warriors Basketball Court, you will meet other basketball enthusiasts as well as experts in the game. It's also a terrific area for morning and evening workouts, and admission is free. Bookworms are not forgotten. Ilupeju Public Library is located in a relaxing and peaceful setting. This is done to ensure maximum concentration. Zaika Ilupeju Indian and Chinese Restaurant is a great place to experience Indian and Chinese cuisine. This restaurant offers speedy delivery at reasonable costs. Another Indian restaurant to try is AAA Indian Restaurant and Bar. Sooyah Bistro's suya and burger combination will take your tastes on an adventure. When you try it out, you'll see it's a fantastic combination. Ibile Foods and Lounge delivers a well\-prepared, delectable combination of local and international foods. They sell water, soda, juice, and even well\-packed 'zobo.' Other dining options include Domino's Pizza, The Place Restaurant, Chicken Republic, Taj Restaurant, Gypsy's Restaurant and Bar, and Pondicheri. The spas in Ilupeju will make you feel calm and well\-cared for. Touch n Glow Spa Salon, Massage and Beauty, and Glamour Kutz Unisex Salon n Spa are among the alternatives. Captains Bar is a fantastic place to unwind that also offers a gaming room. Prices are reasonable, customer service is superb, and it is relatively private due to its location. Try their yam chips, grilled chicken, nkwobi, palm wine, or any other dish on their menu that tickles your fancy. Stay in their open space outside for a breath of fresh air, or stay indoors for some seclusion. The local area of the pub is decorated with hides, skins, and animal horns, creating a natural scene. This makes the space more comfortable and appealing. At Bar Enclave, you can relax, enjoy a delicious dinner, sip a cold drink, listen to good music, watch football, and eat the tastiest grilled turkey you've ever had. Every Wednesday, karaoke is available for those who enjoy singing. This bar also features an indoor and outdoor seating space, as well as a VIP section for more seclusion. If you find yourself in Ilupeju, you should also visit Salt 'N' Pepper Gold Lounge, Big Joe Bar, and Subterrenea. Treasure House School has a crèche, preschool, and elementary school. It offers excellent daycare and educational opportunities for both Nigerian and expatriate youngsters. Its goal is to assist kids become more energetic, loving, compassionate, and problem solvers. Awesome College is a premier British\-curriculum school that provides a first\-rate education with a strong emphasis on practical skills. The school, for example, provides an academic mentorship program, an internship program, entrepreneurship skills, day and boarding facilities, and so on. The Indian Language School was established in 1982 under the authority of the High Commission of India in Nigeria to serve the expanding Indian population in Lagos State. The school is affiliated with the Central Board of Secondary Education in New Delhi, India, and its teachers are highly certified and skilled. Amville School, Temple Schools, Imaginations School, Halcyon International School, Little Saints Montessori School, The 16 Plus School, and Temple Prep School are some of the other schools in Ilupeju.