\# Isheri North Area Guide

Isheri is in the Lagos Kosofe Local Government Area of Lagos State. Some parts of Isheri are also in Ogun State. On the Lagos side, it shares borders with Olowora, Ojodu Berger, and Magodo, while on the Ogun State side, it shares borders with Ibafo. History has it that Prince Olofin Ogunfunminire, who is said to be the founder of the Awori tribe, built the Isheri community. He was from a royal family in Ile\-Ife and lived for many years. The Isheri people are referred to as the source of Aworis, the descendants of Olofin Ogunfuminire. They spread across Lagos and Ogun states, and are also believed to have migrated from Ile\-Ife. Isheri is both residential and commercial and is divided into two districts: Isheri Oke and Isheri Olofin. In this guide, you will find out about: Because Isheri is an inter\-state suburb, certain properties in the region are located on both Lagos State and Ogun State lands. In addition, Isheri is home to Channels TV, arguably the most important and popular news television station in the country. It is a Nigerian independent 24\-hour news and media television channel with bureaus in almost every state and affiliates throughout Africa. Teez Place Supermarket and Bakery is a one\-stop shop and a welcoming neighbourhood grocery store. It has plenty of parking and a friendly atmosphere. The supermarket and pharmacy are on the top floor, while the bakery and waiting area are on the ground floor. The bakery sells a wide range of pastries, including coconut bread, fruit bread, and other snacks, all of which are freshly made and reasonably priced. Buymore Supermarket is another great place to shop for groceries, household items, electronics, and food. The supermarket is quite large, with plenty of room to shop without bumping into other customers. All products are neatly organised on different shelves, and there is plenty of parking so you don't have to worry about finding a spot. The prices of goods are also slightly lower here, and the quality is unrivalled. OPIC Maingate Market is a premier market for the people of Isheri and its surrounding areas. Given the number of estates in the area, it serves a large number of families. It is easily accessible due to its strategic placement. They sell fresh farm produce, groceries, frozen goods, and foodstuffs, among other things. Adiba Supermarket is a good place to go for groceries, beverages, snacks, toiletries, and other necessities. It is a quiet supermarket with a welcoming atmosphere, excellent customer service, and a welcoming setting. Shawarma lovers should visit the shawarma joint next to the supermarket. MQ Stores offers outstanding customer service as well as fantastic pricing on goods. Despite being a small supermarket, MQ Stores makes the most of every available space in order to stock as many items as possible. It serves its immediate surroundings as well as those from farther away. Another inexpensive household store in the vicinity of Isheri is De\-Omeze Supermarket. Provisions, clothing, underwear, beverages, and other items are available at reasonable and well\-discounted prices. Other supermarkets in Isheri are Shoppers Express Supermarket, Deke Supermarket, and Enllas Supermarket. OPIC Estate is a beautiful location to live. The estate is both residential and commercial, serene, well\-kept, and well\-planned. There are additional estates within the estate as well as a well\-managed gas station where you can swiftly purchase fuel for your automobiles. The estate is conveniently accessible and close to the highway. Lonex Gardens is a contemporary and standard estate that provides secure and inexpensive accommodation for those with a middle income. Supermarkets, grocery shops, boutiques, restaurants, and other amenities are available within and surrounding the estate for the convenience of its inhabitants. Lonex Gardens has decent roads, beautiful scenery, a reliable power source, and tight security, among other things. The MTR Gardens is an exceptionally wonderful and tranquil residential enclave situated inside Isheri to avoid the state's noise, rush, and bustle. The estate has a plentiful power supply, excellent security, and is exceptionally quiet. The properties are reasonably priced. The Gateway Zone Estate is another outstanding estate in Isheri. It is an ideal estate to raise a family. It's well\-organised and calm, with uniformed security guards stationed at the gate. Other estates in Isheri include Queens Garden Estate, Riverview (Tinubu) Estate, Greenfields Estate, and Isheri North GRA. One Love Foods is a nice and conveniently accessible restaurant. They provide good food and maintain a clean environment. The staff are also lively and polite. Uptown Gardens is a wonderful place to unwind in an outdoor setting. It has a casino and live bands that perform every Sunday. They also provide unique local and foreign dishes. Iya Amala Canteen is a great place to get a sample of local cuisine. They provide hot and freshly made delicacies like amala, eba, moimoi, pounded yam, and so on. Bromagrill serves grilled cuisine and offers dine\-in, takeout, and delivery options, whereas Lavadacocktails is a mobile bar that serves excellent, inexpensive cocktails and mocktails. Others are Chicken Republic, Orlaz Bukka, Emmani Treats, Indomie Republic and Grills, Bromagrill, and Ekemini Fast Food Plus. If you wish to pamper your body, Isheri has a multitude of spas. Spa Revivify, Picturemeperfect Beauty Spa, and others are a few options among them. The Paradox Bar and Lounge is an outside bar where you can unwind with a drink and some barbecued fish. You may relax on the rooftop if you wish to experience the fresh air while admiring the scenery. Orlaz Grillz and Lounge serves a range of cuisines such as pepper soup, nkwobi, grilled chicken, and others. It has a terrific atmosphere and is a great place to hang out. There is a neighbourhood bar where you may enjoy tasty treats. Rilemal Lounge is a terrific place to unwind and enjoy some of the best grilled fish, catfish peppersoup, varied meat, gizzard, suya, and shawarma in town. Their drinks are reasonably priced, and they provide excellent customer service. Other options include Mass Bar Lounge and Inn and Black Dice Lounge. Riverside Schools offers a curriculum in both Nigerian and British languages for crèche, nursery, primary, and secondary schools. The mission of the institution is to help students reach their full potential and contribute to society. It operates in a supportive, safe, and creative environment that fosters the child's development. Tender Care International Schools was founded to offer students a solid educational foundation that meets high international standards. Its mission, as stated in its name, is to compassionately nurture each kid to become an exceptional, disciplined, and well\-informed individual who will favourably impact the environment. Other schools to consider in Isheri are Lordan Schools, Slegg Flourish Schools, Dee Unique College, Tadey International Schools, and Flourishland Private Schools, among others.