\# Jibowu Area Guide

Jibowu is a major Yaba neighbourhood in Lagos. Yaba, popularly known as Lagos' heartbeat, is located in the Lagos Mainland Local Government Area. It was formed in 1977 from the old Lagos Mainland LGA. Jibowu is surrounded by several major areas, including Igbobi, Ojuelegba, Sabo, and Tejuosho. It is bounded to the north by Fadeyi, to the south by Ebute Metta, to the east by Abule\-Oja, and to the west by Idi\-Oro. In this guide, you will find out about: Looking for a well\-known interstate transportation hub in Lagos State? Look no further; Jibowu is one of the few places in Lagos State where a plethora of road transport companies await residents and visitors. It is home to a number of transportation companies, including God is Good Motors, ABC Transport, G.U.O Transport, Chisco Transport Company, and others. Many of them transport passengers to the northern, eastern, and southern regions of the country. As early as 4 a.m., the area is bustling with travellers preparing to embark on long\-distance journeys. Vehicles can be transported from Jibowu to neighbouring countries like Benin Republic and Ghana. Jibowu is also a hub for a variety of other Lagos activities. Everything from educational institutions to new businesses and everything in between. Among the numerous institutions in the area are Yaba College of Technology, the Nigerian Institute of Medical Research, Unilag MBA School, and the WAEC Office. Jibowu also serves as a link to the Yaba bus stop, Ojuelegbe, Akoka, Oyingbo, and, eventually, Lagos Island. Jibowu may lack major shopping centres, but there are stalls and shops for residents. Visit Yaba market for extremely low\-cost clothing. Many people come here in the evenings to look for the best bargains. Shirts, jeans, women's clothing, shoes, and other items are available. Tejuosho market has large bales of imported thrift trousers, dresses, and jackets. Nigerian\-made clothing is also available for purchase on mannequins. This market is alive and bustling with activity all day, every day. Those who do not wish to partake in the open\-air shopping frenzy can enter the Tejuosho Shopping Complex and browse the various stores. Within the complex, there is a pharmacy, several food stalls, cosmetic stores, and much more. E\-Centre, Mallmart, and PEP shop are some of the other shopping options in the Yaba area. Tajudeen Olanrewaju Housing Estate in Yaba is a small but lovely estate. It is quiet and similar to the estates on the island. The driveways are in good condition and are ideal for jogging and cycling. Their security guards are polite, the power supply is consistent, and there is a playground for both children and adults to enjoy. PHD Housing Estate has you covered if you value security. The opulent estate is situated in the heart of Yaba, near the Army Barracks. Residents have easy access to social amenities such as stores and schools, and the environment is pleasant. Jacob Mews is a 90\-apartment neighbourhood divided into blocks of flats, condos, and terraces. It is a family estate with top\-notch amenities for its residents. Oyadiran Estate and Lagoon View Estate are two other estates in the area. The Jibowu Garden offers a tranquil setting for rest and recreation. The Lagos State Government established the Infinity Park, also known as Jibowu Park, to encourage residents of Jibowu and its environs to relax and refresh in the park. It has well\-kept lawns, a mini\-zoo, seating areas, and food vendors. In the park, there is also a well\-kept extension median with a fountain and monument. The Pancake Hub is a fantastic option for an English breakfast. It is well\-known for its fluffy pancakes and affordable menu and is located in the heart of Jibowu. Bacon and eggs, baked beans, fried yam, grilled fish, toast, and other items are on the menu. It has an outdoor setup as well as home delivery. Another option for refuelling your stomach is Chicken Republic. This popular franchise, known for its crunchy chicken, caters to the area's fast food enthusiasts. Fried rice, jollof rice, burgers, chicken and chips, and other quick meals are all available. Jibowu's nearest fun centre is the E\-Centre. It is located in Yaba and, as the name implies, is an entertainment centre for those seeking fun and relaxation. The building houses a cinema, several shopping stores, restaurants, and game centres. Ozone Cinemas, located in E\-Centre Mall, is a popular hangout for young people. It was one of the first multiplex cinemas to be constructed on the Lagos mainland. Each auditorium is outfitted with cutting\-edge digital production, 2D and 3D screens, and Dolby surround sound, and is built to international standards with perfect acoustics. There is also a waiting area in the cinema where you can get some light snacks and drinks. Are you ready to pop a few champagne bottles and dance to the latest tunes? Then proceed to the Elixir Lounge. It has a relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff, and a wide selection of drinks and grills. It is a nice place to relax after a long day. Nkwobi Palace \& Richbite BBQ Spot is ideal for those who want to experience the true flavours of Nkwobi and Isiewu. There are several stands at the outdoor bar where you can sample various delicacies. In addition, well\-seasoned grilled fish and chips are available. Jibowu is also nearby Barnilux Bar. This is one of the most popular nightlife destinations in Yaba. Make sure to get some Suya, Asun, or Shawarma while you are there. Heritage House School has an excellent track record as a Cambridge Curriculum School. They provide children with a nurturing, creative, and homelike environment. Fully air\-conditioned classrooms, a large playing pitch, a fully equipped playground, smart boards in primary classes, a healing bay, a basketball court, an art studio, sports equipment, a science laboratory, an ICT suite, a supply store, and much more are among their amenities. The dynamic and innovative learning systems at Brain Point International School support 21st century workplace imperatives and problem solving skills, with the goal of preparing students for life success. In their teaching and learning, they use Google for education protocols, and each student has a Google workspace domain account. They provide 100% digital classroom technology in all classrooms, including an interactive whiteboard and a student response system. The mission of Ransome Kuti Memorial Senior Grammar School is to produce well\-educated, self\-sufficient, and disciplined individuals capable of meaningfully contributing to the growth of the community and developing future human capital for the nation at large. Mbari Mbayo School Nursery, Primary, and Secondary, Jibowu Junior High School, and Honeytots School are some of the other schools in Jibowu.