\# Ibeju Lekki Area Guide

Ibeju\-Lekki is a Local Government Area in the Lagos State town of Lekki. Because of its beauty, many people have dubbed it "The New Lagos." It is also one of Lagos State's most expensive neighbourhoods. General Ibrahim Badamosi Babangida established the area in 1990, and its name was derived from two autonomous villages, Ibeju and Lekki. Following the establishment of the Lekki local council development area, the administration's seat was relocated from Akodo to the current Igando Oloja location. It is bordered by Ogun State on the north; Eti\-Osa LGA on the west; Epe LGA on the east; and the Atlantic Ocean on the south. Abijo, Abule Panu, Batedo, Bodije, Eleko, Eleputu, Iba Oloja, Idado, and other towns can be found in Ibeju\-Lekki. The local government area has a population of over 100,000 people. In this guide, you will find out about: Is it not incredible that Ibeju\-Lekki will soon be home to West Africa's largest water port? The Lekki Deep Seaport is a multipurpose facility being constructed to support Nigeria's and West Africa's expanding commercial activities. Ibeju Lekki is also known to be home to a number of significant development projects. The Dangote oil refinery and petrochemical complex will be an answered prayer in a country where everyone is looking for work. When completed, it will be the world's largest single\-train facility, employing up to thirty thousand people in Ibeju Lekki. A proposed airport in the area is Lekki International Airport. It is being constructed in response to the large number of people flooding into and out of Lagos, putting strain on the city's only airport, Murtala Mohammed Airport. It will be designed to house the world's largest passenger plane, the Airbus A380\. The La Paz mall is a one\-stop shopping destination that includes a supermarket, pharmacy, electronics showroom, and boutique. It is a 5\-star mall with a wide variety of items available at reasonable prices. AGMART is a nice neighbourhood grocery store that sells basic household items at reasonable prices. The staff is exceptionally polite and pleasant. Another convenience store that sells high\-quality gifts, fruits, beverages, stationery, toiletries, and cleaning supplies is Dannymart. Akodo Market is a small community market open daily. Almost every food item needed to prepare a traditional family meal is available here. Fresh fruits are also available. Kara market sells both perishables and livestock (such as cows and goats). It is a growing market with great bulk buying opportunities. Crown Estate is one of the most secure estates in Ibeju Lekki. It has a lovely atmosphere and great drainage. The property includes a shopping centre, a hall, a basketball court, and a lawn tennis facility. Amen Estate is another lovely estate in a tranquil setting. The streets are clean and appealing, and the road network is extensive. There is also 24\-hour security and consistent power. Roseberry Estate is a fantastic place to live. One of the primary benefits is that it is in a convenient and central location. Fortunately, owning a home in this neighbourhood is not prohibitively expensive. If you paid attention in History class, you should be familiar with Obafemi Awolowo. He was a controversial politician who was arrested and convicted of treasonable felony against the federal government in 1965\. He was widely regarded for his pivotal role in Nigeria's struggle for independence. The Awolowo Museum is a replica of the prison where he was imprisoned during his imprisonment. Cutouts and photographs cover the museum's walls, and items such as his clothes and books have been preserved. The grounds of the museum also lead to a lovely private beach. La Campagne Tropicana Resort is a forest and beach resort with an African theme located in the heart of Ibeju\-Lekki. It provides warm African hospitality as well as the opportunity for tourists to observe various plants and animals (such as palms and mangroves) (like squirrels, mudskippers, and birds). Guests can cool off in the swimming pools available or camp in the treehouses near the beach or forest. In this location, adventurers can also go kayaking or horseback riding. Lakowe Lakes and Golf Resort is an excellent choice for a relaxing vacation. The resort area has cabins and luxurious rooms for lodging, and the golf course is kept in good condition for golfers. Cycling, pedal boating, and table tennis are all complimentary activities for guests. The acronym Lufasi stands for Lekki Urban Forest Animal Shelter Initiative. It is a unique animal shelter and conservation centre with knowledgeable tour guides. There are also numerous picnic areas and areas for indoor and outdoor games. Visitors can take a walk through the forest and explore the artificial lakes. Beauty Arcade is the place to go in the area for facials, hair treatments, manicures, pedicures, and body massages. They even have a well\-equipped gym on the premises for fitfam hopefuls. Restaurants in Ibeju\-Lekki include Big Mama Kitchen, Restaurant Chinois, Divine Eatery, and Ayo Bukka and Grill. Their food is delicious, and their prices are reasonable. In Ibeju\-Lekki, Comfort Lounge is a popular hangout. It is a relaxing environment where visitors can unwind after a long day of activities, as the name suggests. There are several cocktails to try, and their catfish pepper soup is out of this world. Restaurants and Bar Classique serve delectable food and provide excellent customer service. It is a good thing they are open until late at night. Wind Lounge is a bar, lounge, and club all in one. It is a popular hangout for clubgoers and bar patrons. The breathtaking rooftop view of the Atlantic Ocean is one of the most appealing aspects of this establishment. There is never a dull moment here, with Karaoke nights and trendy music blaring on the dance floor. Guided Treasures Muslim Nursery and Primary School is a co\-educational school that teaches both Islamic and secular subjects. The school has four sections: crèche, preschool, elementary school, and secondary school. Students are educated using Nigerian and British curricula. Flourish Hall International School provides a traditional academic programme as well as co\-curricular activities designed to prepare students for international competition. Albesta Academy, founded in 2006, is a prestigious British International school in Ibeju\-Lekki. The facility includes a standard ICT centre, library, laboratory, and sick bay. Enrolled students are taught the values of hard work, honesty, integrity, and courage. Readington Nursery and Primary Schools and Gabliz Schools provide additional options for high\-quality but low\-cost education.