\# Lekki Phase 1 Area Guide

Lekki is a posh neighbourhood in Lagos' south\-eastern region. It's located beneath the Lagos Lagoon and above the Atlantic Ocean. Lekki, now one of the most expensive places to live, was once a slum known as Maroko. Residents of the former Maroko slum faced extremely limited economic opportunities and slum\-related diseases in the 1990s. They were unable to save themselves and continued to live in a dangerous environment. Colonel Raji Rasaki, the then\-military State Governor of Lagos, intervened by evicting them in order to rebuild. While the government's actions have been questioned, Lekki is now a high\-end residential and commercial district. In this guide, you will find out about: Who'd have guessed that Lekki Phase 1, one of Lagos' most luxurious neighbourhoods, was formerly a slum? Yes, you read that correctly. Even though it is one of the most costly places to reside in Lagos, it is also one of the most popular property hotspots in the country. In late 2020, Lekki Phase 1 was also in the news for the Lekki Tollgate massacre, where a large number of Nigerians gathered to protest SARS. Are you looking for a place to go shopping in Lekki Phase 1? Don't be concerned. You have a plethora of options to choose from. There are several types of shopping malls in Lekki Phase 1 if you want to go shopping. Restaurants, game centres, retail boutiques, cinemas, and other amenities are available at some malls, such as Palms Shopping Mall. Other malls, such as Prince Ebeano, are solely for shopping. Season One Mall, Rennies Mall, NY Supermarket, Centro Lekki Mall, Hubmart Stores, Lennox Mall, Circle Mall, and others are among the shopping options. Lekki Phase 1 is a prime location for luxury estates because it is a well\-planned residential government scheme. There are a number of private estates within its walls. Almost all of them are gated to ensure the safety of their occupants. Mobolaji Johnson Estate is one of the first estates built along the Lekki\-Epe expressway before major developments began. It is located on Adewunmi Adebimpe Drive. As part of the infrastructure in this area are interlocked roads, electricity (7 p.m.–7 a.m.), CCTV surveillance, security, and patrol, among other things. Located along Freedom Way, Lekki Phase 1 – Ikate, Prime Water View Gardens is home to a number of apartment buildings that are available for purchase or rental. Visitors are only allowed into the residence if they have been approved by the person they are visiting. Barolla Estate, Central Lekki Estate, Palm Garden, Millennium, and other estates can be found. Due to Lekki's affluent residents, the area has a lot of social hotspots. Weekends are usually jam\-packed with visitors from all over who want to unwind after a long week at work. If you're looking to have a great time in Lekki Phase 1, you're definitely covered. There's the Nike Art Gallery and the Artpedia Art Gallery for art lovers. The Nike Art Gallery claims to be the largest of its kind in West Africa. Its five\-story structure houses over 7,000 artwork collections. After exploring art, visit Mindscape, a children's museum, to learn about history with your children or younger siblings. It's an indoor play area aimed at providing children and their families with new and exciting experiences. Upbeat Recreational Centre on Admiralty Road is a great place to go if you're looking for some fun sports and fitness activities. The first trampoline park in West Africa is located inside the facility. Fun Factory, located about 12 minutes from Upbeat Centre, is a recreational facility that offers amusement rides, an inflatable playground, a soccer pitch, and a basketball court. Do you want to chill with the ‘Lekki Big Boys \& Girls’? Then go nighttime exploring in Lekki Phase 1\. Lagos is known as the city that never sleeps, and the residents of Lekki understand the assignment. They are always willing to show up at the local bars and clubs. 34\.26 Lounge, THE BLVD, The Side Bar, 30yard Lounge, Atmosphere, and Bay Rock Lounge are just a few of the popular bars and clubs. At night, Lekki Phase 1 bursts with life, and you'll never be bored. Aside from entertainment and recreation, Lekki Phase 1 provides quality education to its residents. It is home to some of Lagos State's most prestigious schools. You can choose from Marymount School, Leigh House School, Pinefield School, Greensprings School, Imperial Gate School, Park British School, Tenderville School, and other primary schools to provide a wholesome education in a safe, happy, and stimulating environment that aids your child's development. Secondary schools are not excluded from this. There are many well\-known secondary schools in the area, including Lekki City International College, Caleb International School, Lekki British School, Blue Waters Academy, Imperial Gate School, Children's International Secondary School, and others. If you've been wanting to live in Lekki Phase 1, now is the time to do so.