\# Lekki Area Guide

Lekki is a highbrow city located in the south\-eastern part of Lagos. You can find it right below the Lagos Lagoon and above the Atlantic Ocean. Now known as one of the most expensive places to live, Lekki was formerly a slum called Maroko. Back in the 90s, inhabitants of the former Maroko slum were suffering from extremely poor economic opportunities and slum\-related diseases. They could not save themselves and continued to wallow in the unsafe environment. Colonel Raji Rasaki, the then military State Governor in Lagos intervened by using military forces to evict them so as to rebuild. While the fairness of the government’s actions has been contested, today, Lekki is both a highbrow residential and commercial area. Victoria IslandandIkoyiajoin Lekki to the left andEpecan be found to its right. The residential project in the city is divided into Phases 1\&2\. Only Lekki Phase 1 is completed while Phase 2 is nearing completion. In between Phase 1 and 2, there are other privately developed residential estates and sub\-LGAs. In this guide, you will find out about: Did you know Lekki was named after a Portuguese sailor named Mr. Lecqi? I bet you didn’t. Mr. Lecqi arrived in Lagos in the early 1800s. He was known for salt\-making and slave trading. This made him so popular that the people of the town automatically called the place where he lived, “Lecqi’s place”. The name later evolved into being spelt as “Lekki.” Lekki is known for being one of the most expensive places to live in Lagos; however, it is still one of Nigeria's hottest property hubs. Lekki has a wide range of shopping opportunities. Do you prefer to shop indoors or outdoors? Whatever you are, Lekki has you covered. With so many malls in the area, shopping in Lekki can be a lot of fun. The Lekki Arts and Crafts Market is well\-known for the neatness and variety of its wares. Despite the fact that it is outside, it allows you to haggle prices, unlike shopping malls. Another popular market in Lekki is Jakande. Sky Mall is a good place to go if you want to shop, play, and eat indoors. They have a family gaming centre, a mart, and a variety of other activities. Mega Plaza Century 21 Mall and Morphix Plaza are two other notable shopping and entertainment destinations. What happens when Lagos' creme de la creme requests extra security, privacy, and exclusivity? Lekki heeds their call. Lekki provides a large number of estates to its residents in order to provide additional security and exclusivity. The residents of Northern Foreshore Estate, one of Lekki's most expensive estates, have access to a proper drainage system. It has been able to alleviate the known flooding problems in the Lekki area. Ocean Bay Estate, Lekki County Estate, Mayfair, Victory Park, Pearl Garden Estate, VGC, Meridian Luxury Park, Atlantic View Estate, Carlton Gate Estate, and others are notable estates. Recreational facilities....check! Beaches….check! Restaurants.... yes! Lekki is unquestionably a one\-stop shop for fun and entertainment. Because of its proximity to the Atlantic Ocean, there are numerous beaches along the coast. Lekki Leisure Lake is a tourist attraction that offers water activities such as jet skiing, pedal boat rides, quad bike rides, wave boats, and so on. Marwa beach, Atican beach, Alpha beach, Prime beach, Lekki Leisure Lake, Oniru beach, Redline, Avista beach, and Eleko beach are just a few other examples. Rufus and Bee is a game centre where visitors can play a variety of games. Video games, arcade games, bowling, virtual games, and many other types of games are available. Check out Filmhouse cinemas, Grand cinemas, Sky cinemas, and Genesis cinemas for the latest movies and blockbusters.The Nike Art Gallery is currently the country's largest art gallery, with the most art works on display. The Yemi Shyllon Museum is a Pan\-Atlantic University (PAU) resource that boasts one of the most extensive and diverse art collections in the country. The ice cream factory, Kobis restaurant, Yummy chicken, Lavee rooftop, The night cafe, 788 on the sea, Sotees restaurant, Circa restaurant, RSVP restaurant, Metisse restaurant, Buka hut, and others are among the places to eat in Lekki. Check out Paradise spa, Oxid luxury spa, sdb spa, Jane's haven, The Henna place, and Daview spa plus for your spa needs. Lekki is available for all night owls to have a good time. You can relax in one of the many lounges, a regular club, or a beach club. Ebony Lounge, Jesse Lounge, Club Mirage, Novato Night Club, and Elysium Night Club are all great places to hang out. You can also party at any of these beach clubs: Mood Beach Club, Wave Beach Club, and Moist Beach Club. In Lekki, education is far from basic. Lekki is home to some of Lagos' most prestigious and expensive schools. The thing about Lekki schools is that they provide more than just traditional education. Field trips, sports, extracurricular activities, excursions, sea school, arts and crafts, music, and drama are all examples of hands\-on experiential tutoring. Greensprings School, Neader International School, Sardonyx School, New Hall International School, Meadow Hall School, Lagoon School, Debiruss School, and Pinefield Schools are some of the most well\-known schools in the area.