\# Maryland Area Guide

Maryland, located on the Lagos mainland, stands out to many people because of its uniqueness and class. It is at the top of most people's lists when it comes to purchasing or renting a property in Nigeria's commercial hub. The Maryland metropolis was founded in 1950 when a group of missionary sisters known as "Our Lady of the Apostle" purchased the land with the intention of establishing a school in the area, now known as the Maryland Comprehensive Secondary School (MCSS). While bidding for the land, a certain sister known as "Rev Mother Arcade" prayed to the Virgin Mary, who is held in high regard among the Catholic faithfuls, and after the purchase was successful, she named the area after her. Maryland is located in the Kosofe Local Government Area and has Opebi, Mende, and Ikeja surrounding it. In this guide, you will find out about: The Cane Village is a market where household items such as furniture, flower vases, hampers, beach hats, and so forth are made from cane wood and raffia. Items in this market are one\-of\-a\-kind, expertly crafted, and reasonably priced. Visitors and customers are amazed at the artistry and creativity on display at this market, located beneath the Ojota Bridge. This has made it a centre of attraction and commerce. A visit to The Cane Village will reveal how blessed and creative these craftsmen are. It is believed that they are mostly indigenes of  Ughelli, a town in Delta State. Maryland Mall offers you the liberty to shop for everything you need and is popular amongst people who reside in the community. Aside from having grocery stores like MarketSquare, a cinema, a car wash, a game centre, different eateries and so much more; it provides you with a workspace if you work remotely. If you prefer shopping at local markets for fresh produce and other items, Onigbongbo Market is the place for you. Items found in a typical Nigerian market, such as grains, tubers, various types of cooking oils, animal proteins in a variety of meat, fish, and so on, are available at this market. Your pets are not forgotten, as one of the best\-stocked pet stores in Lagos is also in Maryland. Royal Canin Nigeria is a well\-organised pet store that sells dog diapers, cat tissues, fish feed, and even pet cosmetics. This is a one\-stop shop for all of your pet's needs. Other places to shop in the area include Ogun Opic Plaza, Odua investment Plaza and Hubmart stores to mention just a few. Shonibare Estate is often referred to as the Mainland's "Banana Island". This is due to the calibre of people who live within its walls. It is also known as Maryland Estate, and is where you will find a dream home with a good road network, consistent power supply, the absence of Lagos's trademark traffic jam, and an aesthetically pleasing environment. Ikeja G.R.A is yet another well\-planned estate in Maryland. According to its name, it was originally built as a Government Reserved Area but later allowed for commercialisation in some areas of the estate. This location is unique because it is one of the few in Lagos where residents appear to be concerned about global warming and have planted trees everywhere to keep the environment safe, breezy, and calm. Ikeja G.R.A, which houses some of Lagos' Social Butterflies, has a distinct feature: it is highly secured. It is home to the Nigerian Army Cantonment and has a laid\-back atmosphere. It has basic amenities like good roads, constant electricity supply and so on. Other estates in Maryland include Onigbongbo and Arowojobe Estate amongst others. Essence By The Grid is one of the area's best restaurants. It is well\-known for its tranquil atmosphere and soothing sound of cool music, as well as delicacies such as seafood, pasta, and cocktails that keep customers returning for more. Aroydee Thai Restaurant is a restaurant that serves delicious Thai food and has a great view of Lagos from its rooftop. If staying fit is your thing, you don't need to leave Maryland because centres like i\-Fitness Gym are here to help. They provide services such as Aerobics, Kickboxing, Personal Training, Zumba, and others, and their trainers are friendly and helpful in achieving your fitness goals. Other places to check out include The Adeline Gallery and B\-Natural Spa for relaxation. Club Rumors is a popular club in Lagos that was built by Nigerian music legend Innocent "2baba" Idibia and is frequented by celebrities and partygoers. With great music and a safe and secure environment, head down on a Friday night to spend your money and unwind with the mainland's creme de la creme. Club Invogue is another typical Maryland nightlife establishment. It is unique and popular in the area because it has kept its standards high over the years while remaining reasonably priced. It also has a lot of space, which means that ventilation isn't an issue in the club. Other places to visit on fine Maryland nights are Club Vegas, Caribbean Knight Club, Club Uno amongst others. One of the best gifts you can give a child is a solid foundation, and Howbury Nursery and Primary School promises to provide just that. Your wards are in good hands, thanks to a modern and efficient curriculum and teaching techniques. Howbury School has a dedicated staff that understands the value of education. They are aided in providing quality education to their students by facilities such as an I.C.T space, spacious and conducive classrooms, and so on. Maryland Comprehensive Secondary School, or MCSS for short, is a notable high school in Maryland that was founded by a group of missionary Reverend Sisters. Their mission statement is to leave a lasting legacy of high\-quality, low\-cost education in Nigeria. Other excellent schools include Halifield Schools, Redeemer's International Secondary School, Silverwood Schools, and Maryland Convent Private School.