\# Mushin Area Guide

Mushin connotes its name from the ‘Ishin’ tree. ‘Mu’ in Yoruba Language means ‘pick’, which together with ‘Ishin’ translates to ‘Pick Ishin fruit’. Formerly a jungle, Mushin was founded over six hundred years ago by two hunters. They coincidentally met under an 'Ishin' (a type of fruit) tree where they resolved to make their abode. The tree also served as a place of rest for other travelers, so as time passed by, people started joining the hunters to form a village, which gradually grew into a town, and later, a commercial city. Mushin is bound to the north by Oshodi/Apapa expressway, to the south by Surulere Local Government Area, to the east by Agege motor road and to the west by Itire\-Ijesha communities. In this guide, you will find out about: It will fascinate you to know that Mushin is the site of a large industrial estate that houses dozens of commercial enterprises. These commercial enterprises include shoe manufacturing, spinning and weaving of cotton, bicycle and motorised\-cycle assembly, and so on. The leather market in Mushin is one of the largest leather goods markets in Nigeria. It hosts at least 300 shops selling different kinds of materials needed in the manufacturing of shoes, bags, furniture and other leather products. In addition, the Ladipo auto spare parts market in Mushinis the largest market for buying vehicle parts in Nigeria. This market is also the hub for political campaigns and social awareness gatherings due to the large number of people. Two notable Nigerian celebrities born and bred in Mushin include singer and songwriter, Wurld, and popular fuji singer, Alabi Pasuma. You can not remove the market from Mushin. Certainly. It is not a secret that Mushin is known for its cheap markets and shopping centres that meet the needs of its people. You can find nearly any type of vehicle part at the Ladipo spare parts market. It is highly likely that your mechanic is familiar with the needs of owners of automobiles, motorbikes, bicycles, and motorcycles. If you do not have a mechanic yet, you can come in and get services like upholstery, spraying, diagnosis, and so on. If you are in need of auto accessories or repairs, head over to Jakande Plaza. There are also clothing stores in the plaza. Fresh farm produce and other food items can be found in an adjoining annex. Do not forget to browse the bustling Mushin Market for everything from groceries and beverages to building materials and electrical items, as well as herbs and leather. Markets like Daleko and Ojuwoye focus primarily on food. Bulk purchases of rice, beans, and other staples are well\-suited to them. Your best bet for low prices is here. The Mandilasstore Fashion Mall and the Stationery shopping complex are great places to shop for shoes and books, respectively. The supermarket at Monifee Express Shopping Mart is also quite good. The counters make it simple to buy food and other necessities. Customers can see the prices clearly on the price tags. Mushin is one of Lagos' most affordable neighbourhoods. You may prefer to stay in one of the numerous Estates available for added class and security. The HOMS Estate in Lagos offers low\-cost housing. This is a fantastic option for those looking to live in Mushin. It is built with state\-of\-the\-art facilities and is quiet, calm, and serene. There is tight security, a good road network, and plenty of power. Another peaceful estate in Mushin is Akanro Estate. It is a large serviced estate with a lot of flats. The estate is well\-kept, has plenty of parking spaces, and has a reliable power supply. The houses are also well\-kept and, of course, reasonably priced. When you visit Mushin, you will find more than just markets to keep you entertained. To liven up your day, you can go to a gallery, different restaurants, and spa centres. Visit the Ovuomaroro Gallery, which is owned by Professor Bruce Onobrakpeya, a Nigerian printmaker, painter, and sculptor who is 90 years old. Contemporary beautiful artworks are on display at the Ovuomaroro Gallery. It also has a gift shop where you can buy his prints and art, as well as contemporary books on contemporary Nigerian art. Visit one of the many restaurants in the area for a taste of high\-quality cuisine. You can sample local cuisine, international cuisine, smoothies, and other beverages. Penguin Restaurant, Chef Mo's Kitchen, Amala Ogbomosho, Yummy sips and edibles, Smoothie Daddi, Jojo Meals, and Madam Kessy Restaurant are among the restaurants you can visit. Some provide dine\-in options, while others provide take\-out and delivery options. Check out Accord Spa and Salon, Distinct Beauty Cosmetics and Spa, or Luppy Spa and Salon if you are looking for spa services in Mushin. There are a lot of mini bars open late at night in Mushin. Most of the hotels in the area have lounges to keep their guests entertained. Kings Hotel and Bar is a great place to go out and enjoy Mushin's nightlife. You can have a taste of their fish or assorted meat while chilling, along with any drink of your choice. At Bar One Five, you can order a bottle or two of your favourite drink. There is a VIP lounge and a club arena at this open bar. You can indulge in a bowl of pepper soup or fried meat while watching and enjoying your favourite sporting event. De Friends Bar, Kabdak Bar, Rubies Exclusive Nightclub and Bar, or Heptagon Bar and Night Club are some of Mushin's other bars and clubs. Many schools in Mushin are fortunate to have dedicated teachers who recognise the importance of education for your children. Each environment is designed to facilitate learning. Simply select your preferred option from the list. Dabitos Schools was founded in 1991 and consists of a creche, preparatory, nursery, primary, and college. The school provides a supportive and encouraging learning environment, as well as world\-class facilities for a child's intellectual, academic, and physical development. The teaching methodology is research\-based and aims to improve the students' skills. P and P International School educates children and instils moral values in them. JETS Club, Literary and Debating Society, Fine Art Club, and Cultural Group are some of the school's club activities. Golden Crescent School, Little Souls School, Belihan School, Summerland School, and Mushin Public Primary School are among the other primary schools in Mushin, while Community Secondary School, New State Schools, Ivy Premier College, and Brimedge College are among the secondary schools.