\# Ogudu Area Guide

Ogudu is located in Lagos State's Kosofe Local Government Area and shares borders with Ketu, Ifako, and Ojota. Ogudu is made up of two neighbourhoods: Ogudu Orioke and Ogudu GRA. Amosu, a hunter, founded Ogudu after fleeing Ile\-Ife, Osun state, with his brother Amore and their family. They all passed through cities such as old Oyo, Abeokuta, and modern\-day Ikeja. Amosu and the rest of the family decided to stay in the Ikeja neighbourhood. Amore, on the other hand, continued his journey due to the advice of the Ifa oracle to settle in an area with water.
He continued on this journey with his wife, Pefunmi and four children. He eventually settled in the current town of Ogudu. Ogudu is located 6\.6 kilometres / 4\.1 miles from Ikeja, the state capital. In this guide, you will find out about: Did you know that Ogudu is one of the most desirable neighbourhoods in Lagos State? This is due to its proximity to important areas in Lagos State, such as Ikeja, the state capital. Ogudu, which was founded over 300 years ago, also has a king known as the Ologudu of Oguduland. Despite the fact that Ogudu is serene, exotic, and has beautiful Government Residential areas, it also has a slum. You will almost never go to a mall or a supermarket in Ogudu and not find what you are looking for because they are always packed. At Winni Supermarket, you will find a wide range of food, beverages, clothing, household goods, kitchen equipment, and hair and beauty products, all neatly arranged and organised. Other stores can be found within Ogudu Mall. These stores also sell a wide range of products, including hair extensions, hair products, accessories, and high\-end clothing for both children and adults. In addition, there is a pharmacy, a barbershop, a spa, and a restaurant. Miniso, a popular Chinese store, is also located in the Mall. Among the other malls are Alpha Mall, Bibby Mart, and Shop N Pay. The estates in Ogudu have nice and calm environments that cater to people with high to middle\-class incomes. Among the numerous estates are Ogudu GRA Estate, Ogudu GRA Phase 2, and Ramat Crescent, to name a few. Ogudu GRA has a consistent power supply and uniformed guards stationed at the entrance and exit for safety. Aside from the fact that the houses in this GRA are beautiful, the roads are also properly tarred, and there are no mosques or churches there to reduce noise for people. Ogudu may not have a zoo, a museum, or beaches, but it makes up for it with a plethora of restaurants, spas, and recreational facilities. If you want to work out on a Saturday morning, or any other morning, the OGRA Recreational Centre is the place to go. Swimming, basketball, table tennis, and lawn tennis are some of the activities available while there. There is also a gym. In addition, if you want to throw a party, the recreational centre has a medium\-sized event hall. After participating in various sporting activities, if your sweet tooth becomes active, you can visit the popular Cold Stone, where you will find a wide variety of ice creams. The popular Domino's Pizza is also nearby, as is the case with most Cold Stone locations. Do you want to satisfy your cravings for local cuisine? Then Labule restaurant is for you. Amala, porridge, ofada rice, pounded yam, and other dishes can be found here. Farmcity also serves local cuisine and, if desired, continental fare. In addition, they provide catering services. To name a few, other restaurants include Sofresh, Psalm Grill Chops, The Place, Sizzles Barbeque, Fish Farm, and Oeuvre Bistro. There are many spas in Ogudu if you want to take care of your body. Some examples include Ann Marie Health and Beauty Spa, Prime Gym and Spa, Grace Spa, and others. Do you want to see the latest movies as well? You can go to the cinema with your family and friends at Ogudu Mall. Metro Cinema and Kazmpire Overnight Movies are two others. The fact that Ogudu is peaceful does not imply that there is no nightlife. There are numerous bars and clubs to explore for night owls. De Cabana, Club 81, Class Elite Night Club, and Cardinal Point are among them. Farmcity has a club as well. Excellent primary and secondary schools in peaceful settings? Definitely! Ogudu can brag about having them. You can choose between private schools and public schools to meet your child's needs, depending on your preferences. These schools also have highly qualified teachers and excellent facilities. Halvan Hill Schools, Bethany Hall Nursery and Primary School, Ogudu Primary School, Berkley Academy, and Kemshida School are among the primary schools. Primary and secondary schools are available at both Lead\-Forte Gate Schools and The Childville. Mictec International Schools, Ogudu Grammar School, Essy Gold Schools, and Sceptre International School are among the secondary schools.