\# Ojota Area Guide

Ojota is a community in Lagos State's Kosofe local government area, located along the Lagos\-Ibadan expressway, with a population of about 600,000 people. In the late 18th century, this town was a military settlement where troops practised their shooting. The region became known as "Oju Ota" in Yoruba, which means "bullet spots" due to the numerous gun firing sites. It later evolved into Ojota, as it is today known. Ojota leads to Ogudu and is close to places like Ketu, Maryland, and Magodo. In this guide, you will find out about: The open chemical market is a hub for chemical importers and suppliers dealing in a wide range of chemicals, such as industrial, cosmetic, pharmaceutical, construction, and food processing chemicals. The renowned Ojota bus stop, a significant Lagos terminus for local and inter\-state transportation, is located in Ojota. It also functions as a cauldron for a multi\-billion naira's worth of economic activity, both formal and informal. This bus stop provides an important source of income for a large proportion of the people who live in this neighbourhood. The Ojota region of Lagos state also contains a big dump site, which was built in 1992 and covers around 42 hectares. A million tonnes of garbage are collected here each year on average. Sunday Ogochukwu Oliseh is a former player and manager in Nigeria. Despite being from Abavo in Delta state, he was born in Ojota, Lagos state in 1974\. He was a midfielder during his active playing career and is largely recognised as one of the finest African midfielders of all time. He resigned from professional football at the age of 31 in 2006 and managed the Nigerian National Football Team from 2015 to 2016\. The Binu Konu Ultra Modern Market is a pleasant neighbourhood market with a variety of tiny stores offering various products such as food and household supplies. Visitors may expect a pleasant shopping experience here. On\-site, there are also local bureaus de change where foreign currency may be exchanged. Odua Shopping Centre is a large complex with a variety of businesses selling anything from food and drinks to drapes, bedding accessories, and inverter systems. There are warehouses and office spaces belonging to large corporations, such as travel agencies and law offices. There are also public facilities and plenty of parking on the property. There is even a bank available to service buyers' commercial activities. Akosiwa Organics and Herbs is a fashion and skin care store that sells lotions, vitamins, and organic herbs for making skin care products. This shop is located at Ojota Market. Clothing and perishables are available at reasonable costs in this market. Praiseville Gardens Development Phase 1 is a well\-planned estate with modern, stylish homes. It is well\-maintained and provides excellent security and regular electricity. There is a gym, a playground, and two pools on this estate. The surroundings are serene, and it is undoubtedly a fantastic area to raise children. Another wonderful estate in Alapare, Ojota is Praiseville Garden Estate Phase 2\. The flats are beautifully colored and designed. The surroundings are both lovely and safe. Oyefeso Estate is another renowned estate in Ojota where you may get affordable properties. Gani Fawehinmi Freedom Park is a park in Ojota named after the well\-known Nigerian novelist, philanthropist, human and civil rights lawyer, and politician Gani Fawehinmi. In the park, there is a massive statue of the renowned legend. Other characteristics include well\-kept lush green grass, seats for relaxation, and a children's play area. Abiola Gardens is a memorial to the late MKO Abiola, a politician largely considered to be the winner of the inconclusive 1993 elections. The memorial has a statue of him amid a garden that is ideal for leisure, family meetings, or picnics. This garden has a playground and a fountain, as well as a protected sitting area to keep you safe from the rains. Visiting Abiola Gardens while in Ojota is a fantastic choice because it is centrally placed and easily accessible. ChinaTown is a one\-of\-a\-kind experience. It's a massive red mediaeval fortress with crenellated walls reminiscent of the Great Wall of China near Beijing. Inside, there is a plaza with over 180 stores offering anything from ceramic coffee mugs to blue jeans. ChinaTown is a popular tourist destination and relaxing location for many people, especially Chinese expats in the country. Neneh's Place is a lovely restaurant in Ojota that provides exquisite meals and cold varied beverages in a nice setting. Amala fans should go to Amala Yahoo Spot. It is unquestionably one of the top three amala locations in Lagos, and you can also get other Yoruba dishes like Gbegiri and Ogunfe here. Large servings of meals are sold at reasonable prices. Other good restaurants in Ojota include Kalabar Kitchen, Fingerbite Restaurant, Chicken Republic, and Mr. Bigg's Fast Food. Coco Day Spa is the place to go for all sorts of facials, body massages, waxing, and shaping. Skincare goods are also available, and expert service is provided. Alfred Bar and Lounge is a relaxing spot to unwind and have a few drinks at night. It offers a pleasant environment and a sparkling pool. Great, reasonable meals and fantastic music are among the services offered. Another popular nightlife destination in Ojota is 3Zees Restaurant and Bar. It offers an interior garden atmosphere with beautiful outdoor furnishings. The live music is usually fantastic, and the beverages are always refreshing. There are dine\-in and takeout options, as well as televisions for watching sports and other entertainment shows. City Bar and Grill serves grilled foods such as BBQ fish, shawarma, and beverages. Metro Cinema is a great place to see the latest Nollywood films. It is conveniently located off Ogudu Road in a nice neighbourhood and is easily accessible by car, bike, or foot. Mondays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Teachers and parents collaborate at Mictec International Schools to develop youngsters into future leaders. It is without a doubt one of the greatest private boarding schools in Lagos, with curriculum and co\-curricular activities that provide students with worldwide chances. The school is a massive complex that includes a crèche, nursery, primary, and secondary school. Queen Mary Schools is a prestigious educational institution with cutting\-edge amenities such as a state\-of\-the\-art ICT centre, a sports facility, and well\-equipped laboratories. It was founded on September 21, 2007, with the goal of achieving greatness through passion and commitment to her students' development. Good Inheritance Academy (also known as God's Heritage Schools) is one of the most affordable schools in Ojota. It is a five\-star establishment where students are taught morals. Phebean School and Sunrise Midas Heart Schools are two other excellent schools in the region.