\# Oshodi Area Guide

Oshodi is a Lagos State Local Government Area with eleven wards. It was founded by Alhaji Lateef Jakande, commonly known as 'Baba Kekere,' the second republican Governor of Lagos State. The Local Government Area has been in existence for over 300 years and is part of the Ikeja Division of Lagos State. Oshodi is a well\-known landmark in Lagos, connecting many areas such as Berger, Mushin, Bariga, Isolo, Agege, Iyana ipaja, Ikeja, and many more. Nearly any vehicle park in Lagos will most likely have commercial drivers screaming out Oshodi. In this guide, you will find out about: Oshodi is also one of the oldest settlements in Nigeria. Would you have guessed that Nigeria's famed Oshodi market is linked to the slave trade? It is, in fact, the case. When Nigeria was under British colonial administration in 1860, the market was constructed to facilitate the slave trade. Oshodi was one among the first to benefit from the nineteenth\-century urban growth. The Oshodi transport interchange is a world\-class bus terminal in Oshodi. It is Nigeria's and West Africa's largest bus terminal. The terminal is a three\-story edifice with three different terminals linked by a skywalk bridge, which also happens to be West Africa's longest skywalk suspension. Each terminal has ticketing booths, reception, waiting spaces, bathrooms, and other amenities. Terminal 1 is for interstate travel, while Terminals 2 and 3 are for intra city travel. If you are in Lagos and want to purchase materials such as ankara, lace, denim, and so on. Oshodi's fabric market is the place to be. The market's flexibility is fantastic, but so is the pricing. Everything here is reasonably priced, especially if you know how to negotiate. Textiles of varied quality or grade are available depending on your needs and budget. Taiwo supermarket is another nice alternative for shopping. You may acquire a wide range of items here, including home goods, groceries, cosmetics, frozen meals, and so on, all at reasonable costs. Temple Hills supermarket is a place to visit for a standard shopping experience. With a massive structure and a modern architectural style, this supermarket is big enough to serve a community. They have a wide range of goods any standard supermarket would have at an average price. It has a wide parking space for a good number of vehicles, wheelchair accessibility and an overall standard security. If you are looking for a safe and serene environment to raise a family, Greenfield Estate is a good choice. It features infrastructure such as interconnected accessible highways, a 24\-hour security network, a hospital, convenience stores, churches, mosques, schools, a micro market, and so on. Although it is rather expensive, the living experience is well worth it. Ajao Estate, located in the center of the Lagos mainland, is a fully self\-contained estate. Access to vital amenities such as banks, schools, hospitals, and hotels is simple and assured. Another advantage of residing in Ajao Estate is its proximity to Murtala Muhammed Airport. Ashamu Estate is an economical housing estate with a pleasant and tranquil setting, motorable roads, a solid drainage system, and an average supply of energy. Kilimanjaro Restaurant is a sophisticated, contemporary, and budget\-friendly fast food business that serves a variety of local and foreign cuisines. It offers a lovely ambience, making it ideal for a family outing, a quiet date, or brunch with friends. However, it is not only about appearances; it also has nice facilities, such as a reasonably big parking lot and adequate security. Chicken Republic, famous for its unique crispy chicken and appetisers, has a location on Okota Road in Oshodi. What could be a better combo than delicious chicken and a pleasant atmosphere? For therapeutic treatments, massage, and a whole body makeover, visit Beauty Box Spa, Nail and Beauty. They provide top\-notch treatments that will leave your body feeling cleansed and rejuvenated. Other spas like Bioviva Holistic Spa, Best Rub Massage and Spa, Imagines Spa, and Beauty Wellness are also available to give your body attention and care. The Builders Lounge and Bar is a great place to unwind and have a good time. With its modern style and relaxing atmosphere, you can eat, drink, and enjoy the occasional Karaoke and comedy night. They also have a gaming section where you may play snooker, darts, scrabble, chess, and other games. Sometimes all you need to unwind after a busy week or day is to watch a fantastic movie, and Oshodi delivers yet again. Vicoland Cinemas guarantees a pleasant viewing experience by providing standard amenities such as a working air conditioning system, clear video, and audible sound. They also offer a wonderful lounge where you may relax while waiting for your movie to begin. Carabana Lounge is also available if you want to chill and party. The club atmosphere and DJ will have you dancing all night. They also provide delicious grilled catfish and cold beverages at a reasonable price. Masters Ville Schools is a beautiful school in and out. The impact of a conducive and stimulating environment is often underestimated but at Masters Ville, they capitalize on providing their students with a conducive environment to aid the seamless flow of learning. Facilities like swimming pool, sports arena, sick bay and so on are all made available to the students. They have a wide range of activities like chess classes, swimming classes, taekwondo classes, music classes and so on that helps broaden the scope of knowledge. Queensland Academy is a homely educational institute where quality always takes precedence over numbers They offer Nigerian\-British curriculum customized with classy/modern teaching styles, taught by experienced teachers. Apata Memorial High school is a high\-achieving school known as a “place of excellence”. Their academic, artistic and community achievements has placed them as one of the top schools in Nigeria. It is a mixed day and boarding school with modern hostel facilities for both boys and girls.