\# Victoria Island (VI) Area Guide

Victoria Island (VI), located between Lekki and Lagos Island, is the home of the wealthy. It is rumoured to be the home of the elite and is located in Eti\-Osa Local Government Area of Lagos State. The Oniru chieftaincy family originally owned a large portion of VI until the Lagos Executive Development Board paid 250,000 pounds as compensation for the acquired land and an additional 150,000 pounds as compensation for the shrines destroyed in 1948\. The original inhabitants were eventually forced to relocate to Maroko Village. Ikoyi to the north, Eko Atlantic City to the south, Lekki Phase 1 to the east, Takwa Bay and Apapa to the west surround Victoria Island. In this guide, you will find out about: You might be wondering if Victoria Island is an actual island based on its name. No, it is not right now, but it used to be. Victoria Island was once completely surrounded by water until the colonial government sand\-filled the eastern part to prevent mosquito breeding in the swampy area. It ended up with land areas connecting Victoria Island to Lekki Peninsula after it was sand\-filled. Victoria Island is frequently referred to as Lagos's business and financial centre. It is home to a number of important institutions, including the Nigerian Law School and the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA). It also houses many corporate headquarters, financial institutions, and multinational corporations. One of the things that distinguishes Victoria Island is its excellent road network. Unlike in many other parts of Lagos, the roads are interconnected, making navigation simple. If you are looking for one of the most luxurious places to live in Lagos, Victoria Island is at the top of the list. Because the area is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean and the Lagos lagoon, you will have a sea view and an ocean view at the same time. There is a wide range of shopping options on Victoria Island for those who want to go shopping. Mega Plaza is one of Victoria Island's largest shopping malls. The mall is lovely, with over 50 stores selling a wide range of goods. This mall boasts low prices on everything from electronics to musical instruments. There is also a food court where you can eat and relax after shopping. Victoria Island is also home to the well\-known SPAR shopping mall. It is, as expected, a one\-stop shop for all of your retail needs. It sells groceries, homewares, drinks, electronics, and other necessities. Hubmart Store is another well\-stocked supermarket that sells a wide variety of items such as beverages, cosmetics, wine, toys, and so on. They also have a section dedicated to pastries and food. You can either eat in or order take\-out. Other shopping options include Goodies Supermarket, Mega Plaza, Landmark Boulevard, XYLO, and Bijoux Mall. Victoria Island will not be one of the top residential areas in Lagos if its residents do not have access to beautiful Estates. In fact, 1004 Estate, the current largest single luxury high rise estate in Sub\-Saharan Africa, is located on Victoria Island. 1004 Housing Estate is an 11\-hectare housing estate with over 1000 apartments that was originally owned by the Federal Government before being purchased by private investors in 2007\. The Estate is located in the business and recreational district of Victoria Island. There are four swimming pools on the estate for relaxation, as well as tennis courts for sports enthusiasts. The estate is also secure, and power is always available. LSDPC Estate is another estate on Victoria Island. This estate is clean, spacious, and offers a variety of amenities to its residents. The estate is intended for both commercial and residential use. There is plenty of parking, beautiful greenery, a children's play area, and a swimming pool. The apartments are spacious, and water and electricity are always available. Security is assured, and the atmosphere is ideal for families. Victoria Island, known as an entertainment hotspot, has a plethora of places to hang out, eat, relax, and have a good time. Silverbird and Filmhouse cinemas are recommended for moviegoers. Silverbird Cinemas claims to be West Africa's first 12\-screen multiplex cinema. It can be found within Silverbird Galleria. While you wait for your movie, you can eat at one of the galleria's fast food restaurants or shop at one of the building's stores. Filmhouse Cinemas is a multiplex cinema that includes an MX4D theatre. It has five auditoriums with air conditioning and recliner leather chairs. If you want to be surrounded by lush green grass and clear skies, Muri Okunola Park is an excellent choice. It is a nice spot for nature lovers who want to get away from the hustle and bustle of Lagos. Red Door Gallery is a must\-see for art enthusiasts. Didi Museum is a must\-see for history buffs. Oniru Beach, located on Victoria Island, is one of the most popular beaches in Lagos. Because of its proximity to other parts of Lagos, it is a popular choice for many mainland residents. It is also one of the least expensive beaches on the island to visit. Ocean Basket is the Mediterranean's seafood mecca. If you enjoy Sushi, Calamari, and other similar dishes, you should check out their menu. Kappadocia Lagos is Lagos' first and only cave restaurant. The architectural design creates the illusion that you are in a cave. Their menu is a mash\-up of Nigerian and Turkish cuisine. Victoria Island has an endless supply of restaurants. Z Kitchen, Lagoon Restaurant, The Backyard Bar and Grill, Cilantro Lagos, Bungalow Restaurant, RSVP Restaurant, and others are also popular. In Victoria Island, the night is always young. Get your dancing shoes on and choose from any of the bubbling spots to experience the nightlife here. If you live in Lagos, you have probably heard of Club Quilox. This is one of the hottest clubs in Lagos, and many celebrities frequent it. The lighting and audio are both excellent. There are also a lot of expensive drinks to choose from. If you are going to visit, make sure your credit cards are loaded. Othello's Lounge is located in the heart of Victoria Island. Here you can get reasonably priced drinks and chops. You can also have a silent disco if you want to have a party without making any noise. At LiVE! Lounge, you can expect to see live bands, karaoke, and comedy nights. They have both indoor and outdoor seating options, depending on your preference. Cubana Pablo, Zorya Club, Rumors Night Club, Shaunz Karaoke Bar, Shades Lounge, and Club DNA are also popular nightlife destinations. If you live on Victoria Island, you will not have to look far for good schools. The schools in the area provide a safe environment for children. American International School of Lagos, for example, is an international school that serves students from preschool to grade 12\. It provides students with international experience so that they can compete with their international peers. Corona School is well\-known for its rich blend of British, American, and Nigerian curriculum, which provides its students with a world\-class education. The school is well\-secured and equipped with all of the modern amenities needed for a comfortable learning environment. Boston Academy, Crescent Schools, Cranberry School, White Oak Preparatory School, and Kuramo College are also popular primary and secondary schools. The Nigerian Law School and the Now Open University are also located on Victoria Island (NOUN).