\# VGC Area Guide

Popularly known as VGC, the Victoria Garden City is a beautifully structured community along the Lekki\-Epe Expressway, Ajah area in Lagos State. It is a privately owned estate founded in the 90’s, with an urban growth rate between 16%\-18%. It is owned and operated by HFP engineering. It is a well executed estate planned to stand on its own and provide every basic need for its residents to enjoy living there. It is known for its highly secured system of operation. It is located in Eti\-Osa Local Government Area of Lagos State along the Lekki\-Epe expressway and sits beside the Lagos Lagoon. Areas surrounding VGC are Ajah, Lekki Phase 2 and Ibeju Lekki. In this guide, you will find out about: If you're looking for one of the most luxurious places with a unique security system to live in Lagos, be rest assured that VGC is on that list. It is known for its tight security. Apart from the security at the gates, there are armed patrols within the estate. In a bid to ensure security, visitors have designated entrance passes and are only allowed in upon confirmation from the resident they are coming to visit, security checks are also carried out on vehicles. VGC has its commercial areas separated from its residential area. The residential area is made up of serene boulevards with a good and unexposed drainage system. In VGC, you will be blessed with the beautiful view of the Atlantic Ocean and the Lagos lagoon. It is basically a good place for those who want to live in comfort, serenity, and safety. VGC Shopping Mall is one of the popular places to shop in the area. It contains different product stores that offer various items for sale as well as service\-based businesses. You will find a pharmacy, grocery store, hairstyling shop, spa, travel agency, food spot and a host of others. Shoppers Place is another shopping option. It is a shopping plaza with a decent product range. You can shop for home appliances, clothes, haircare and even food. Other shopping locations in VGC are Mallmart Supermarket, Peace supermarket and Unique Wine Stores. One of such estates is Eleganza Gardens. Located right opposite VGC, it is one of the oldest estates in the area. It has a lot of greenery with spacious surroundings. The environment is serene with standard house structures. There is adequate security and proper facilities for its residents. Another estate in the area is Lake View Park 1 Estate. This is a well planned residential estate located adjacent to VGC. It is constructed with modern infrastructures like tarred roads, street lights, water treatment plants, sewage treatment plants, transformers, and a good drainage network. It also boasts of a beautiful artificial lake within the premises. If you are looking to live in a serene and safe environment around VGC, Eleganza estate and Lake View Park 1 estate are very suitable options. If you are looking for a chilled spot to explore, the VGC Recreational Club is for you. The club is a multi\-facility recreation centre with facilities for entertainment, health and relaxation. It has its own restaurant, spa, bar, gym, swimming pool, a beautiful garden for kids to play in and a multipurpose hall for indoor games like basketball, badminton, squash, handball, etc. The club also has a main restaurant that serves local and continental hot meals, and also runs a delivery service within VGC. Another chilled spot in VGC is the Green Mealers Restaurant. This is an intercontinental restaurant located at the VGC complex. Like every other restaurant, it serves its customers with the best dine in or take away meals. It gives you a feel of your favourite traditional and international dishes, while providing you with music and a cosy environment. If you are one who loves to enjoy a good meal in a serenity, this would be a perfect spot. Debonairs Pizza is an excellent spot for pizza lovers. There are many variants to select from, ranging from your basic cheese pizza to pepperoni or chicken flavours. It also has a convenient delivery service for its customers. Chiller Restaurant is yet another local restaurant in VGC. It serves varieties of local dishes to residents in the estate. Chiller restaurant has quite the serenity and privacy customers love and a reputable customer service. Other restaurants around the area are Chicken republic, Lunch Time Kitchen, Mama Put amongst others. One of the beauties of VGC is the presence of its own relaxation park. The VGC park is located at the centre of the estate and is highly regarded for its serenity. It has activities spots like the basketball field, football field, and a wide playground for kids. It is regarded as a wonderful place to spend time with family and friends. The Naij Fishing Spot is a serene fishing spot where people go to watch the sunset and fish as a leisure activity. It is fast becoming a tourist spot rather than a fishing site because of the beautiful scene of the river and the relaxing jetty rides to the linking estates. For water lovers, who enjoy sunsets, you should check out the Naij Fishing Spot. Despite being a gated estate, there are still select places to have a great time at night in VGC. One bubbling club to visit is Slicks Bar. It has a fun and cosy night life party vibe alongside a bar area that is believed to serve the best pepper soup spot in the estate. The bar spot is located at the rooftop where you can have a sensation of fresh air while hanging with friends, having a meeting, or enjoying your time alone watching the beauty of the estate at night. Uncle Vinne’s Cafe is another good location to enjoy yourself in the evenings. It is a nice lounge with a bar, and a grill spot. It is known to have good customer service and a wide menu of drinks and food to choose from. It is a generally good environment to enjoy the serenic view at night. Chrisland High School is one of the popular schools in VGC. It prides itself in a well\-informed culture of grooming every child at every level regardless of their receptive pace. It has modern technological facilities, highly qualified disciplined staff and recreational activities for its students. Chrisland is fast making a statement for itself as one of Nigeria’s best. Another popular school in VGC is Russell International School. It is a beautifully structured school with modern educational facilities. Russell Intl has qualified and experienced staff who engage the students in proper diction learning, and moral education and engage their networking abilities. Other popular schools around VGC are Kelvanegel Cot School and Ruby Gold Nursery \& Primary School.