\# Wuse Area Guide

Wuse lies in the northwestern part of Abuja's city centre and is one of the busiest places in Abuja. Wuse is Abuja's social district and also an area where many employment opportunities abound. It is divided into two neighbourhoods, namely, Wuse 1 and 2\. The neighbourhoods are then further divided into zones ranging from 1 to 7\. It is a top\-notch area where there's a combination of business, leisure, and accommodation. So, people think that Wuse is the third richest area in Abuja, after Asokoro and Maitama. In this guide, you will find out about: Wuse Market was formerly a secondary school that was later turned into a market. It is said to be the biggest market in Abuja. At Wuse Market, you can find anything ranging from foodstuff, clothes, electronics, furniture, phones, rugs, carpets, etc. Moreso, at Wuse, you’ll find some of Abuja’s most popular landmarks, like the Sheraton hotel and towers, one of the best luxury hotels in Nigeria. They have large and spacious rooms with functional facilities. It is the perfect place to recuperate after a stressful day. Nevertheless, Bannex Plaza is in Wuse. The Plaza is known as the computer village of Abuja. Banex Plaza is a popular destination for smartphones, tablets, and accessories. It's a great plaza that comprises many businesses but deals mainly in phones, accessories, and gadgets. Smartphone repairs are also offered here. Allied services with regard to software and app installation are readily available. Most shops offer products with a warranty. Finally, you will find the French Cultural Centre, Aminu Kano Crescent, Ademola Adetokunbo Crescent, Amigo, Bloomsbury Plaza, and Exclusive Stores in Wuse. Wuse has fun places like Magic Land, one of the most popular amusement parks in the capital city. It is an amusement park suitable for both children and adults. There are many games to play (such as rides and karaoke), and they are suitable for both adults and children. It is a must\-visit for adventure when in Abuja. There’s also Wuse Plaza, a very busy place to get your shopping needs. People usually feel safe visiting Wuse Plaza because there's ample parking that is well\-secured. JD Leisure Park is a cool spot for relaxation. It is an open park in a serene and calm environment. The park is very spacious and can therefore contain a large number of people. They're known for their expertise in making chicken suya and catfish suya. Novare Central is a 5\-star rated mall where you can find a lot of shopping outlets offering services such as furniture, household items, pharmacy, sports store, haircuts for men and ladies, baby shop, Abaya store, medicated eyeglasses, grocery shopping at Shoprite, etc. There are also restaurants in the mall and a rooftop spot for relaxation. You’ll also find office spaces and meeting rooms for business. Other places for leisure at Wuse include the Thought Pyramid Art Centre, the National Children’s Park, and the Zoo. Some of these developments include Grange Estate, which is a private gated estate with residential units in the heart of Wuse that has a lot of amenities and is closed off to the public. It has plenty of living space and everything you could want and more. The estate is a desirable address that adds to one’s prestige. Wuse also has Sigma Apartments, a private residential estate. The estate offers air\-conditioned accommodation with access to a garden. There's free WiFi. All units have a balcony with mountain views, a kitchen with an oven, and a private bathroom with a bath. Sigma Apartments is 1\.9 km from the Cameroonian embassy. Abacha Estate has great houses. It has an outstanding design with a nice ambiance. Other estates in Wuse include Salatu Royale Estate and Nitel Housing Estate, amongst others. One can visit the beautiful locations at Wuse to breathe in the scenery and calm nerves, places like Belletis Cuisine, a spot of excellent service wrapped in luxury and comfortability. Belletis Cuisine is in a serene environment and is the perfect place to hang out with family and friends. Moreso, Wuse has Ivory Room, a restaurant in Ivory Place, a multi\-level building with an event centre and a furniture outlet. It's an exotic place, and they have an intercontinental menu that is wide and caters to various palates. It is a very cosy place for couples to sit, relax, enjoy the view, and catch up. The Ivory Room is highly recommended for parties. Cachez Garden is called a solution ground because it is popular for town and village meetings in many states and communities. Corporate meetings are also held there because the garden is very spacious and situated in a serene environment. Other places in Wuse include but are not limited to Chicken Republic, Kilimanjaro, and Bocados Quick Eats. Wuse has nightclubs and lounges like Moscow Underground, one of the best places where you can experience the most exciting nightlife in Abuja. It is known as the "King of Nightclubs" for its authentic groove. The club's interior is classy and elegant, making it a good place to relax and have fun. Security is adequate, and the crowd is made up of the best cross\-section of people living in Abuja—perhaps a place to meet gorgeous\-looking men and women. The Bank is also one of the most popular clubs in Wuse, where you want to get loose with friends after a hectic week. It is said to be the most luxurious showbiz club most celebrities visit when in Abuja. The Bank is simply a place to visit to experience art lovers, fashionistas, and other intellectuals. Babylon Lounge is one of the most interesting clubs in Wuse. Babylon Lounge tops the charts when it comes to clubs that keep their environment and convenience extremely clean. Their services are superb, with a tight security system. Babylon Lounge is simply somewhere you'll go and know you'll get good value for your money. Other places to enjoy nightlife in Wuse include the 606 Lounge, the Avatar Lounge, the Kristos Lounge, and restaurants. Wuse generally has a satisfying nightlife, but how you make the most of it depends on how creative you are. Wuse has schools like Premier International School, a school that prioritises the safety and wellness of every pupil under its care. The school has come a long way in helping people in need and helping students reach their full potential in the arts, sports, and academics. Wuse also has Tophill Nursery, Primary, and Secondary School, a non\-faith school that admits students of all religions. The welcome offers and inclusive approach to students distinguish the school. The Tophill school inculcates the Nigerian system of education alongside some of the British systems of education. Apart from strict academics, the school has extra\-curricular activities available, such as a science club, a STEM club, a football club, taekwondo, ballet, Scouts, and Brownies. Summarily, Tophills School is a school committed to the growth and development of the whole child—emotionally, intellectually, mentally, physically, and spiritually. Other good and standard schools in Wuse include Lightway Academy, The Covenant Academy, etc.