\# Wuse 2 Area Guide

Have you ever considered the ideal location for exploring Abuja's most fascinating attractions, a preferred location for most businesses, and fun spots? Wuse 2 is simply the deal. Wuse 2 can also be referred to as the Wuse extension. It is located in the Northwestern part of Abuja and is known as the city's heartbeat. There are two basic streets that are believed to be the area's lifelines. It is a fun and popular area that is known as the business centre of Abuja. In this guide, you will find out about: Wuse 2 has the biggest study centre, known as the National Open University. They make learning easy and affordable and are not discriminatory when it comes to age. The university is equipped with the requisite physical infrastructure, human and material resources, and top\-notch ICT competencies for learning, in compliance with the best global standards of education. Moreso, there's City Park, a top\-rated park in Abuja. One distinct thing about City Park is the Trendelo shopping event, which is done every first Sunday of the month. During the Trendelo shopping event, different vendors sell their goods and services at a very discounted price. It is also a place to visit for relaxation and a hang\-out spot for family and friends. Last but not least is Trukadero Place, a multifaceted fun centre. The Trukadero Place has a bowling alley and snooker boards. They also organise karaoke nights and old\-school nights. If you love indoor games, this place offers you one of the best indoor experiences, from bowling to the pool table. Banex Plaza is a building that has three phases. Each phase has a building with about 500 shops. At Banex Plaza, the chances of not getting what you want are slim as they sell almost everything, ranging from gadgets, food items, clothes, accessories, kitchen equipment, home fittings, etc. You can also find the Ifeanyichukwu restaurant at Banex Plaza, a restaurant known for its perfection in making local dishes. Emab Plaza is also in Wuse 2\. It is a shopping mall that houses a lot of businesses, ranging from boutiques, pharmacies, banks, electronic shops, and restaurants. The Plaza has a tightened and beefed\-up security system, so people feel safe coming to the Plaza to shop. AP Plaza cannot be left out when mentioning places to get maximum satisfaction from shopping. It is a popular plaza located at Ademola Adetokunbo Crescent. It houses a lot of businesses like furniture outlets, electronics shops, salons, etc. AP Plaza has ample parking space and a tight security system. Other shopping malls in Wuse2 include Poly Plaza, the Shopping Centre, Cappadora Mall, Saham Plaza, Obum Plaza, GCL Plaza, and Olive Plaza. Wuse 2, which is the centre of Abuja, is home to both wealthy and average people who live there. At Wuse 2, you can find solidly built smart houses in different estates. The houses were built according to international standards. The estates have good road networks and are highly secure. Wuse 2 has the CBN Estate, an exclusive and neat estate. It is in a serene and secure environment. The distinct thing about CBN Estate is the constant power supply and the good road network. The prices of houses in the CBN Estate are significantly lower than those in other luxury estates in Wuse 2\. Barcelona Apartments is a fully serviced apartment for both residents and guests. It is a splendid choice for someone who wishes to live in a serene and fully serviced apartment. It is situated close to the Barcelona Hotel for a great dining experience. The residents have access to restaurants, swimming pools, and free Wi\-Fi. Dalhatu Bayero Estate is a lovely, well\-maintained estate. The estate has electricity around the clock, a swimming pool, a gym, plenty of parking, and good security service. Other estates in Wuse 2 include Diamond Estate, Richfield Estate, Cosgrove Smart Estate, etc. Most places where one can visit to refresh their bodies and minds and make their day and time more interesting and enjoyable are situated in Wuse 2\. You can choose to visit any of the beautiful restaurants in Wuse 2 to relax and have your choice of meal. Jevinik Restaurant is known for its great and tasty Nigerian meals. If you're a lover of native delicacies, then you should try out Jevinik restaurant. Their services are top\-notch, and the restaurant is located in a serene environment. The restaurant has enough parking space for customers, so you won't have to worry about where to park when you visit. The Charcoal Grill is one of the best restaurants in Wuse 2\. It is a place you will love to visit again once you step foot there for the first time. They have a variety of meals in their menu book, but one distinct thing about them is their English or American breakfast. You can also visit their rooftop lounge to relax with the soothing music and natural breeze. The popular Bon Hotel in Wusi 2 is also a 3\-Star luxury hotel. The structure of the hotel was designed in line with international standards. They have in\-house restaurants, a cocktail bar, a gymnasium, a swimming pool, and a garden. It is a perfect place to get maximum relaxation and value for the money spent. Wuse 2 is home to one of the most diverse and fascinating nightlife scenes in Abuja. If you’re looking to experience the best of Abuja nightlife, you’ll want to visit Wuse 2\. You can find everything from intimate bars and lounges to multi\-level nightclubs. Nightclubs are packed to the brim in Wuse 2 and, without a doubt, it's a renowned area for nightlife. Sofa Lounge is a lounge, club, and karaoke bar. The ambiance of the lounge is great, and the lounge is in a serene environment. They have Thursdays and Sundays as their karaoke night show days. The menu is quite affordable, and they offer excellent service to customers. Cubana Lounge is a well\-known and enjoyable place to unwind. It is a lounge where most of Abuja's young and vibrant people congregate to party. Cubana Lounge offers excellent service to customers, and it's reasonably priced. It’s a great lounge to visit if you’re looking for a relatively inexpensive night out. The Xtacy Lounge has the best entertainment options. It was designed to be a luxury golf lounge. It is also a strip club. They offer excellent service to their customers. Some other great places to go out at night in Wuse 2 are the Cob Lounge, the Eskimo Restaurant, the Nd Lounge, the Vintage Lounge, and the Babylon Lounge. Wuse 2 has both public and private schools, as well as churches\-owned schools. One of the major schools in Wuse 2 is Raberto Schools. Raberto Schools is an accredited school that operates under Cambridge International Standards. The school has a curriculum that combines the Nigerian and British curricula. It is a co\-educational day school for children of all ages, different backgrounds, mixed abilities, and great potential. Redeemer Private School is a perfect learning environment for students. The goal of Redeemer's Private School is to keep and improve a safe, respectful, and happy school environment where everyone is encouraged to learn. The school curriculum gives them purposeful learning experiences that keep their attention and help them develop the skills, attitudes, and knowledge that will prepare them for future learning and life. Abuja Preparatory School is also located at Wuse 2\. The goal is to make and keep the school a happy place where everyone feels safe, is treated with respect, and is encouraged to learn. The school's teachers are committed to developing children as a whole, providing an exciting and challenging environment where all children can achieve their potential. Other schools at Wuse 2 include Treetops Academy, Government Day Secondary School, Brainyville International School, etc