\# Yaba Area Guide

Popularly known as the heartbeat of Lagos, Yaba is located in Lagos Mainland Local Government Area. It is a Local Council Development Area (LCDA) that was created in 1977 from the old Lagos Mainland LGA. Makoko Community, Akoka, Sabo, Jibowu, and Tejuosho are just a few of the major areas within Yaba LCDA.Fadeyi is to the north, Ebute Metta is to the south, the 3rd Mainland Bridge is to the east, and Surulere is to the west. In this guide, you will find out about: It is incredible that Yaba is the epicentre of so many different activities in Lagos. From educational institutions to small businesses and everything in between, there is something for everyone. The University of Lagos, Yaba College of Technology, Queen's College, the Nigerian Institute of Medical Research, Igbobi College, the Federal Science and Technical College, and the Federal College of Education (Technical) Akoka are all located in Yaba. It has become home to a large number of the young generation as a result of its many educational centres. Areas like Akoka and Iwaya are densely populated by students. The Yaba market is also one of Lagos' busiest markets. It is well\-known for its low prices and thrift\-store sales, particularly in the evenings. Yaba is also one of the preferred locations for many businesses to set up shop. Yaba has become a technology hub thanks to the presence of many startups such as Hotels.ng, Cc Hub, and Andela. It is now commonly referred to as Lagos State's tech hub. The ultra\-modern Mobolaji Johnson Railway Station and the Federal Neuro Psychiatric Hospital are both notable landmarks in Yaba. Yaba is often called the "shopping central" of Lagos. In fact, many Lagosians troop into Yaba, especially for thrift shopping. Its market is well\-known for its exceptionally low\-cost apparel. In Tejuosho market, you will find large bales of imported thrift trousers, dresses, jackets, etc. You will also find Nigerian made clothes on mannequins displayed for sale. This market is always alive and bustling with activity all day, every day. For those who do not want the open\-air shopping craze, simply enter the Tejuosho Shopping Complex and peruse through the different stores available. Within the complex, there is a pharmacy, several food stalls, cosmetic stores, and lots more. Another top shopping location is the E\-Centre. Sitting nicely on Commercial Avenue, the mall houses the famous Ozone cinemas. Many students visit the mall for relaxation. Like all malls, there are different sections to satisfy your desires: Health Plus for your medical needs, Posh Kollections for your eyewear, Domino Supermarket for ranges of home items and grocery shopping. Other shopping options in Yaba are Mallmart and PEP Shop. Yaba is a residential area as much as it is a commercial area. It tends to the needs of its residents by providing lovely estates for some privacy and security. Tajudeen Olanrewaju Housing Estate is a small but beautiful estate in Yaba. It is quite serene and has a semblance to the estates on the Island. The driveways are well laid out and excellent for both jogging and cycling. Their security men are courteous, the power supply is stable and there is a playground for kids and adults to relax. If security is a priority for you, PHD Housing Estate has that covered. The upscale estate is in the centre of Yaba and in the proximity of the Army Barracks. The environment is friendly and residents have access to social facilities like stores and schools. Jacob Mews is a community of 90 apartments clustered into blocks of flats, condos and terraces. It is a family estate with top notch facilities for its residents. Other estates in Yaba are Oyadiran estate and Lagoon view Estate. If you are a Lagosian, chances are you have visited Yaba for leisure or simply passed through the area. It is an energetic location that offers numerous activities for its residents. As the full name suggests, the E\-Centre is the entertainment centre for all who seek fun and relaxation. There is a cinema, different shopping stores, restaurants, and game centres in the building. Ozone cinemas in E\-Centre Mall are a top destination for the younger generation in the area. It is one of the first multiplex cinemas built on the mainland of Lagos. The cinema is designed to international standards with perfect acoustics and each auditorium is equipped with state\-of\-the\-art digital production, 2D and 3D screens, and Dolby surround sound. The cinema also has a waiting area where you can grab some light meals and drinks. As earlier said, one of the top federal universities, the University of Lagos, can be found in Yaba. Apart from educational activities, you can visit the sports centre and the lagoon waterfront. The waterfront offers a rich view of the third mainland bridge. The environment is serene and calm for relaxation. Many restaurants in Yaba have different meals that they are popular for. If you are a Lagosian, you must have heard of the White House. This is the perfect location for you to have a taste of authentic African dishes. The restaurant is particularly popular for its delicious amala. Both Domino's Pizza and Dodo Pizza are known for their excellent pizza varieties. Yin Yang Express gives you a trip to China with their lovely Chinese dishes. Pancake Hub is your breakfast plug. Enjoy pancakes to your fill here. Burger King prides itself on being the king of burgers. If you are a tourist, you may like to visit Makoko; a unique inner\-city slum that has a third of its community built on the lagoon. It is sometimes called the Venice of Africa. It is an informal settlement that houses the Egun people who migrated from Badagry and the Benin Republic. Boats are the means of transportation within the community, and it has become a tourist attraction for many who want to see their way of life and do some charity work to assist the community. If you are interested in body care and wellness, get your manicure and pedicure done at Brieannas Salon and Spa. Sage Skin Spa also offers relaxing spa sessions. Other spas are D’oge Spa and Mama Tega Spa. Feel free to hop into any of the bars or lounges around here if you feel like having a good time at night. Yaba is one exciting place to experience the Lagos nightlife. Are you ready to pop some bottles and dance to the latest music? Then make a stop at Barnilux Bar. This is one of the most popular locations to experience the nightlife in Yaba. From Suya to Asun to Shawarma, the choices are endless. Nkwobi Palace \& Richbite BBQ Spot is a perfect spot for those who want to have a local taste of Nkwobi and Isiewu. The outdoor bar has various stands where you can enjoy different delicacies. You can also have well\-seasoned barbecued fish and chips. Club Gossip is a soft lowkey chilling spot for fun and vibes. Koko Lounge, House of Haze and The Gondola Club are other places to grab a drink for the evening. A parent's dream is to provide their children with the best education possible at all levels, and the significance of this cannot be overstated. Be rest assured that there are a couple of schools in Yaba to attend to these needs. Blooming Greens School is committed to redefining education through character grooming and eclectic teaching approaches that harness all the potential of your children. All classes and special laboratories are equipped with Interactive White Boards (IWB). This makes teaching and learning very effective by attending to various learning styles in the classroom. Thus, visual learners, auditory learners, and all other learning styles are adequately catered for in every lesson. Our Lady of Apostles Private School has been in operation for over 40 years and is considered a citadel of learning and discipline. It is also affordable and open to Catholic and non\-Catholic residents. Other schools in Yaba are Methodist Girls' High School, Prudence Private School, Prudence City College, Wesley Girls' Secondary School, Queens College, Western College, Western College, Westerfield College, etc.